    rm(list=ls())
    library(knitr)
    library(mosaic)

    ## Loading required package: dplyr

    ## 
    ## Attaching package: 'dplyr'

    ## The following objects are masked from 'package:stats':
    ## 
    ##     filter, lag

    ## The following objects are masked from 'package:base':
    ## 
    ##     intersect, setdiff, setequal, union

    ## Loading required package: lattice

    ## Loading required package: ggformula

    ## Loading required package: ggplot2

    ## Loading required package: ggstance

    ## 
    ## Attaching package: 'ggstance'

    ## The following objects are masked from 'package:ggplot2':
    ## 
    ##     geom_errorbarh, GeomErrorbarh

    ## 
    ## New to ggformula?  Try the tutorials: 
    ##  learnr::run_tutorial("introduction", package = "ggformula")
    ##  learnr::run_tutorial("refining", package = "ggformula")

    ## Loading required package: mosaicData

    ## Loading required package: Matrix

    ## Registered S3 method overwritten by 'mosaic':
    ##   method                           from   
    ##   fortify.SpatialPolygonsDataFrame ggplot2

    ## 
    ## The 'mosaic' package masks several functions from core packages in order to add 
    ## additional features.  The original behavior of these functions should not be affected by this.
    ## 
    ## Note: If you use the Matrix package, be sure to load it BEFORE loading mosaic.

    ## 
    ## Attaching package: 'mosaic'

    ## The following object is masked from 'package:Matrix':
    ## 
    ##     mean

    ## The following object is masked from 'package:ggplot2':
    ## 
    ##     stat

    ## The following objects are masked from 'package:dplyr':
    ## 
    ##     count, do, tally

    ## The following objects are masked from 'package:stats':
    ## 
    ##     binom.test, cor, cor.test, cov, fivenum, IQR, median,
    ##     prop.test, quantile, sd, t.test, var

    ## The following objects are masked from 'package:base':
    ## 
    ##     max, mean, min, prod, range, sample, sum

    library(ggplot2)
    library(tidyverse)

    ## ── Attaching packages ─────────────────────────────────────────────── tidyverse 1.2.1 ──

    ## ✔ tibble  2.1.3     ✔ purrr   0.3.2
    ## ✔ tidyr   0.8.3     ✔ stringr 1.4.0
    ## ✔ readr   1.3.1     ✔ forcats 0.4.0

    ## ── Conflicts ────────────────────────────────────────────────── tidyverse_conflicts() ──
    ## ✖ mosaic::count()            masks dplyr::count()
    ## ✖ purrr::cross()             masks mosaic::cross()
    ## ✖ mosaic::do()               masks dplyr::do()
    ## ✖ tidyr::expand()            masks Matrix::expand()
    ## ✖ dplyr::filter()            masks stats::filter()
    ## ✖ ggstance::geom_errorbarh() masks ggplot2::geom_errorbarh()
    ## ✖ dplyr::lag()               masks stats::lag()
    ## ✖ mosaic::stat()             masks ggplot2::stat()
    ## ✖ mosaic::tally()            masks dplyr::tally()

    library(dplyr)

    green = read.csv('../Data/greenbuildings.csv')
    green = na.omit(green)

Get summaries of age and leasing\_rate variables and decide what range
of occpancy to keep: &gt;10%

    summary(green$age)

    ##    Min. 1st Qu.  Median    Mean 3rd Qu.    Max. 
    ##     0.0    23.0    34.0    47.1    79.0   171.0

    summary(green$leasing_rate)

    ##    Min. 1st Qu.  Median    Mean 3rd Qu.    Max. 
    ##    0.00   77.89   89.54   82.63   96.50  100.00

    boxplot(green$leasing_rate)

![](Answer_files/figure-markdown_strict/unnamed-chunk-2-1.png)

Check whether age is a confounding variable

    ggplot(green)+
      geom_histogram(aes(x=age, y=stat(density)), binwidth=2) +
      facet_grid(green_rating~.)

![](Answer_files/figure-markdown_strict/unnamed-chunk-3-1.png) We
plotted the number of green and non-green buildings for different age,
and found that when age greater than 50 there are very few instances of
green buildings. We assume the reason behind this is that most green
buildings are relatively new and are built within 50 years. So, using
only instances of green buildings that have age less than 50 for our
analysis would be more representative. Also, we know that age is a
confounding variable from this distribution graph, so we want to group
ages and see how rent and other costs vary for different age groups.

############### (occupancy &gt; 10%) & (hold age roughly constant)

explore occupancy &gt; 10

    ## remove "outliers"
    df_10above_LR<-green[!(green$leasing_rate<10),]

cut age into groups

    df_10above_LR$age_groups <- cut(df_10above_LR$age, c(-1, 8, 20, 50), include.lowest = TRUE)

filter out age group

    first2_age_10 = df_10above_LR %>%
      filter(age_groups == '[0,8]' | age_groups == '(8,20]' |age_groups == '(20,50]')

We created 3 age groups that have range from 0-8, 8-20, and 20-50. We
fitted all the instances we have into these three age groups.

Boxplot rent by the age groups, and check whether rent is actually
higher for green buildings than not-green buildings for all age groups

    ggplot(data=first2_age_10) + 
      geom_boxplot(aes(x=age_groups, y=Rent, fill=factor(green_rating))) + 
      theme_bw(base_size=18)+ ggtitle("Plot of rent (occupancy > 10)")

![](Answer_files/figure-markdown_strict/unnamed-chunk-7-1.png)
Considering only rent, we plotted boxplots of rent for the three
different age groups. We can see that for the first age group (0,8), the
median rent of non-green buildings is actually higher than the median
rent of green buildings. As age increases, the median rent of green
buildings starts increasing and becomes about the same as the median
rent of non-green buildings in the second and the third groups. However,
the staff claims that the median rents for both green and non-green
buildings are flat rates. This is incorrect since he was not supposed to
use the median calculated from instances that span the entire age range,
as the median values for the two types of buildings actually fluctuate
as age changes. Thus, we cannot be sure that investing in green
buildings will generate about $2.60 more per square foot in revenue. It
might not be feasible to recuperate the costs in around 8 years.

Boxplot total cooling+heating days for each age groups

    ggplot(data=first2_age_10) + 
      geom_boxplot(aes(x=age_groups, y=total_dd_07, fill=factor(green_rating))) + 
      theme_bw(base_size=18)+ ggtitle("Cost factor: # of cooling+heating days (occupancy>10)")+ ylab("# of total cooling+heating days")

![](Answer_files/figure-markdown_strict/unnamed-chunk-8-1.png) In order
to control the confounding effect of the age variable, we keep using the
three age groups mentioned above. In term of total number of cooling and
heating degree days, from the box plot we can see that for the first age
group, the median of total number of degree days of green buildings is
actually higher than that of non-green buildings, implying a greater
demand of energy. This might generate a higher cost during heating or
cooling days in the first 8 years for green buildings. The staff
incorrectly assume that the cost for both green and non-green buildings
are about the same, which is not the case.

Boxplot electricity cost + gas cost for each age groups

    first2_age_10$totalCost <- with(first2_age_10, Electricity_Costs+Gas_Costs)

    ggplot(data=first2_age_10) + 
      geom_boxplot(aes(x=age_groups, y=totalCost, fill=factor(green_rating))) + 
      theme_bw(base_size=18)+ ggtitle("Cost factor (occupancy > 10)")+ ylab("total costs")

![](Answer_files/figure-markdown_strict/unnamed-chunk-9-1.png) Then we
looked at the graph that plots the electricity and gas costs. In the
first age group, we did see a lower median value of the total costs for
green buildings. However, in the second and third groups (buildings with
age higher than 8), the median values of the total cost are actually the
same or even higher for green buildings. The staff falsely believe that
the total electricity and gas cost for green buildings will always be
lower than non-green buildings. This further proves that the staff
assumption about revenue and cost are not correct.

############### 

How should the staff improve his/her recommendation? The staff should
take consideration into the confounding effect that the age variable
caused that influence his/her cost/benefit analysis.

################### 

Question 2: \#\#\#\#\#\#\#\#\#\#\#\#\#\#\#\#\#\#\# Your task is to
create a figure, or set of related figures, that tell an interesting
story about flights into and out of Austin. You can annotate the figure
with a detailed caption, of course, but strive to make it as stand-alone
as possible. It shouldn’t need many, many paragraphs to convey its
meaning. Rather, the figure should speak for itself as far as possible.

(a)What is the best time of day to fly to minimize delays? (b)What is
the best time of year to fly to minimize delays? (c)wHAT ARE the bad
UniqueCarrier to fly?

    # Read data and import library
    rm(list=ls())
    library(MASS)

    ## 
    ## Attaching package: 'MASS'

    ## The following object is masked from 'package:dplyr':
    ## 
    ##     select

    library(ISLR)
    library(leaps)
    library(Matrix)
    library(foreach)

    ## 
    ## Attaching package: 'foreach'

    ## The following objects are masked from 'package:purrr':
    ## 
    ##     accumulate, when

    library(mosaic)
    library(tidyverse)
    library(ggplot2)
    set.seed(1)
    fly_data <- read.csv("../Data/ABIA.csv",header=TRUE)
    attach(fly_data)
    names(fly_data)

    ##  [1] "Year"              "Month"             "DayofMonth"       
    ##  [4] "DayOfWeek"         "DepTime"           "CRSDepTime"       
    ##  [7] "ArrTime"           "CRSArrTime"        "UniqueCarrier"    
    ## [10] "FlightNum"         "TailNum"           "ActualElapsedTime"
    ## [13] "CRSElapsedTime"    "AirTime"           "ArrDelay"         
    ## [16] "DepDelay"          "Origin"            "Dest"             
    ## [19] "Distance"          "TaxiIn"            "TaxiOut"          
    ## [22] "Cancelled"         "CancellationCode"  "Diverted"         
    ## [25] "CarrierDelay"      "WeatherDelay"      "NASDelay"         
    ## [28] "SecurityDelay"     "LateAircraftDelay"

1.  What is the best time of day to fly to minimize delays?

DepTime actual departure time (local, hhmm) CRSDepTime scheduled
departure time (local, hhmm) ArrTime actual arrival time (local, hhmm)
CRSArrTime scheduled arrival time (local, hhmm)

ArrDelay arrival delay, in minutes DepDelay departure delay, in minutes

    # Create new col called total_delay to store the abs value of total delay minutes
    fly_data$Total_delay = abs(fly_data$ArrDelay) + abs(fly_data$DepDelay)


    ggplot(data = fly_data) + 
      geom_point(mapping = aes(x = DepTime, y = Total_delay)) +
      labs(title = "Delay Time Over an Entire Day")

    ## Warning: Removed 1601 rows containing missing values (geom_point).

![](Answer_files/figure-markdown_strict/unnamed-chunk-11-1.png)

    # By plot the DepTime vs Total_delay, we can observe that the majority of the delay happens during 
    # 5:00 ~ end(24:00). And there are some scatter points between 0 ~ 5:00
    # However, we cannot conclude that the best time to fly is between around 2 to 5 because there is no delay in the picture. Let's do a hist for Dep time to invest a bit more.

    hist(DepTime)

![](Answer_files/figure-markdown_strict/unnamed-chunk-11-2.png)

    # By the Histogram of DepTime, we do see that there is almost no flights take off during 2 to 5. Therefore, that would be the main reason why we see little dots in the "Delay Time Over an Entire Day"


    # Thus, we do need to re-observe the "Delay Time Over an Entire Day" plot. There are mainly two features in the plot to provide the information we need.
    # 1 How far are points away from the x-axis represent the delay length.
    # 2 How many points are listed above a certain time(x-axis) represents the total times of delay at that time.
    # By observing using the two features above, the best time over the day is in the range of [0:00, 10:00]

    # Let's using this particular time range to explore a bit more to shrink the range.

    nrow(fly_data)

    ## [1] 99260

    #Mask, we only want the time between 0 ~ 10
    cleaned_data = fly_data[which(fly_data$DepTime <= 1000),]
    nrow(cleaned_data)

    ## [1] 28552

    # Try fit the model with y = b0 + b1*x1
    lm.fit = lm(cleaned_data$Total_delay~cleaned_data$DepTime,data = cleaned_data)
    summary(lm.fit)

    ## 
    ## Call:
    ## lm(formula = cleaned_data$Total_delay ~ cleaned_data$DepTime, 
    ##     data = cleaned_data)
    ## 
    ## Residuals:
    ##     Min      1Q  Median      3Q     Max 
    ##  -31.77  -13.28   -5.48    3.24 1257.92 
    ## 
    ## Coefficients:
    ##                       Estimate Std. Error t value Pr(>|t|)    
    ## (Intercept)          64.895706   1.324171   49.01   <2e-16 ***
    ## cleaned_data$DepTime -0.060782   0.001708  -35.59   <2e-16 ***
    ## ---
    ## Signif. codes:  0 '***' 0.001 '**' 0.01 '*' 0.05 '.' 0.1 ' ' 1
    ## 
    ## Residual standard error: 36.87 on 28501 degrees of freedom
    ##   (49 observations deleted due to missingness)
    ## Multiple R-squared:  0.04255,    Adjusted R-squared:  0.04252 
    ## F-statistic:  1267 on 1 and 28501 DF,  p-value: < 2.2e-16

    plot(cleaned_data$DepTime, cleaned_data$Total_delay)
    abline(lm.fit, col="green")

![](Answer_files/figure-markdown_strict/unnamed-chunk-11-3.png)

    # By above lm model, it is not really a good idea to use fit line here.

    ggplot(cleaned_data, aes(DepTime, Total_delay)) +
      geom_point(aes(color = Origin)) +
      geom_smooth(se = FALSE) +
      labs(title = "Delay Length(mins) Over an Entire Day(Cleaned)")

    ## `geom_smooth()` using method = 'gam' and formula 'y ~ s(x, bs = "cs")'

    ## Warning: Removed 49 rows containing non-finite values (stat_smooth).

    ## Warning: Removed 49 rows containing missing values (geom_point).

![](Answer_files/figure-markdown_strict/unnamed-chunk-11-4.png)

    # 
    # And by plotting the origin, we can observe that after 5, austin airport start to function(working start time for
    # airport staff)

Description: Let’s take a closer look at the ggplot above. The X-axis
represents the Departure Time of the flight, Y-axis represents the total
length of delay for that flight. The additional feature is all the
points are colored by its origin(origin IATA airport code).

Analysis: Between time\[0:00,2:50\], there aren’t as many of delays as
other time, but they all pretty spread out(long delay time). While
between \[5:00:10:00\], all the data points are condensed together to
form a shape like bar plot. It represents that in the \[5:00,10:00\]
time range, all the delays are short-timed.

Overall, the best time of a regular day to fly to minimize delay would
have two possible solutions: If we pay more attention on the perspective
of less number of delays, the best time would be: \[0:00,2:50\] and
\[5:00,700\] If we pay more attention on the perspective of less delay
length, the best time would be: \[5:00,8:00\]

By intersect the time range above, the best time overall would be:
\[5:00,7:00\]

(b)What is the best time of year to fly to minimize delays?

Year all 2008 Month 1-12 DayofMonth 1-31

    # import library
    library(tidyr)
    library(dplyr)

    # Combine month and dayofmonth
    fly_data2 = transform(fly_data, Combined_date=paste(fly_data$Month, fly_data$DayofMonth, fly_data$Year,sep="/"))

    # Convert the Combined_Date to Date format
    fly_data2$Combined_date = as.Date(fly_data2$Combined_date, format = "%m/%d/%Y")
    fly_data2

    ##      Year Month DayofMonth DayOfWeek DepTime CRSDepTime ArrTime CRSArrTime
    ## 1    2008     1          1         2     120       1935     309       2130
    ## 2    2008     1          1         2     555        600     826        835
    ## 3    2008     1          1         2     600        600     728        729
    ## 4    2008     1          1         2     601        605     727        750
    ## 5    2008     1          1         2     601        600     654        700
    ## 6    2008     1          1         2     636        645     934        932
    ## 7    2008     1          1         2     646        655     735        750
    ## 8    2008     1          1         2     650        700     841        857
    ## 9    2008     1          1         2     650        650    1139       1145
    ## 10   2008     1          1         2     654        700    1117       1133
    ## 11   2008     1          1         2     712        705     805        805
    ## 12   2008     1          1         2     715        715     826        832
    ## 13   2008     1          1         2     722        726     819        825
    ## 14   2008     1          1         2     725        730     844        901
    ## 15   2008     1          1         2     735        740    1007       1010
    ## 16   2008     1          1         2     736        740     838        840
    ## 17   2008     1          1         2     737        745     924        943
    ## 18   2008     1          1         2     745        755     859        905
    ## 19   2008     1          1         2     748        755    1007       1020
    ## 20   2008     1          1         2     753        755    1137       1125
    ## 21   2008     1          1         2     755        700     854        821
    ## 22   2008     1          1         2     755        800    1018       1010
    ## 23   2008     1          1         2     809        815     859        912
    ## 24   2008     1          1         2     811        815    1048       1100
    ## 25   2008     1          1         2     819        825     943        947
    ## 26   2008     1          1         2     819        820     944       1003
    ## 27   2008     1          1         2     822        810    1255       1250
    ## 28   2008     1          1         2     823        825     916        920
    ## 29   2008     1          1         2     825        830    1128       1136
    ## 30   2008     1          1         2     827        830     958       1009
    ## 31   2008     1          1         2     832        800     929        900
    ## 32   2008     1          1         2     834        835     936        935
    ## 33   2008     1          1         2     837        840    1008       1014
    ## 34   2008     1          1         2     840        842    1138       1118
    ## 35   2008     1          1         2     846        850    1317       1330
    ## 36   2008     1          1         2     850        850     957       1010
    ## 37   2008     1          1         2     851        855    1119       1109
    ## 38   2008     1          1         2     857        900     946       1000
    ## 39   2008     1          1         2     858        905    1053       1100
    ## 40   2008     1          1         2     903        900     952       1000
    ## 41   2008     1          1         2     907        915    1003       1013
    ## 42   2008     1          1         2     909        915    1205       1210
    ## 43   2008     1          1         2     912        850    1305       1235
    ## 44   2008     1          1         2     921        920    1019       1030
    ## 45   2008     1          1         2     922        925    1016       1032
    ## 46   2008     1          1         2     923        923    1111       1119
    ## 47   2008     1          1         2     923        925    1014       1025
    ## 48   2008     1          1         2     926        925    1307       1325
    ## 49   2008     1          1         2     926        850    1402       1332
    ## 50   2008     1          1         2     941        945    1042       1050
    ## 51   2008     1          1         2     942        945    1116       1130
    ## 52   2008     1          1         2     957       1000    1053       1057
    ## 53   2008     1          1         2    1001        955    1124       1130
    ## 54   2008     1          1         2    1001       1010    1045       1100
    ## 55   2008     1          1         2    1001       1004    1058       1101
    ## 56   2008     1          1         2    1006       1005    1236       1235
    ## 57   2008     1          1         2    1007        945    1109       1045
    ## 58   2008     1          1         2    1016       1015    1501       1505
    ## 59   2008     1          1         2    1023       1030    1219       1221
    ## 60   2008     1          1         2    1024       1025    1330       1344
    ## 61   2008     1          1         2    1028       1030    1344       1352
    ## 62   2008     1          1         2    1035       1035    1336       1343
    ## 63   2008     1          1         2    1045       1050    1137       1145
    ## 64   2008     1          1         2    1045       1050    1149       1155
    ## 65   2008     1          1         2    1054       1055    1136       1140
    ## 66   2008     1          1         2    1055       1105    1329       1349
    ## 67   2008     1          1         2    1058       1100    1155       1157
    ## 68   2008     1          1         2    1059       1040    1150       1140
    ## 69   2008     1          1         2    1105       1115    1226       1229
    ## 70   2008     1          1         2    1105       1105    1406       1420
    ## 71   2008     1          1         2    1107       1110    1219       1230
    ## 72   2008     1          1         2    1118       1125    1206       1220
    ## 73   2008     1          1         2    1120       1120    1208       1220
    ## 74   2008     1          1         2    1129       1130    1321       1320
    ## 75   2008     1          1         2    1129       1130    1226       1230
    ## 76   2008     1          1         2    1130       1115    1703       1553
    ## 77   2008     1          1         2    1133       1120    1356       1345
    ## 78   2008     1          1         2    1135       1135    1221       1225
    ## 79   2008     1          1         2    1136       1140    1413       1415
    ## 80   2008     1          1         2    1147       1150    1535       1535
    ## 81   2008     1          1         2    1155       1200    1327       1344
    ## 82   2008     1          1         2    1200       1200    1308       1325
    ## 83   2008     1          1         2    1206       1152    1555       1559
    ## 84   2008     1          1         2    1206       1136    1739       1701
    ## 85   2008     1          1         2    1209       1210    1259       1300
    ## 86   2008     1          1         2    1209       1210    1356       1410
    ## 87   2008     1          1         2    1214       1205    1628       1647
    ## 88   2008     1          1         2    1224       1220    1553       1605
    ## 89   2008     1          1         2    1225       1232    1320       1329
    ## 90   2008     1          1         2    1226       1215    1739       1735
    ## 91   2008     1          1         2    1228       1225    1525       1530
    ## 92   2008     1          1         2    1235       1235    1348       1335
    ## 93   2008     1          1         2    1236       1140    1717       1630
    ## 94   2008     1          1         2    1239       1240    1316       1320
    ## 95   2008     1          1         2    1241       1230    1512       1515
    ## 96   2008     1          1         2    1243       1225    1339       1325
    ## 97   2008     1          1         2    1243       1240    1716       1720
    ## 98   2008     1          1         2    1244       1245    1329       1340
    ## 99   2008     1          1         2    1248       1250    1346       1350
    ## 100  2008     1          1         2    1250       1300    1344       1357
    ## 101  2008     1          1         2    1302       1300    1436       1438
    ## 102  2008     1          1         2    1308       1316    1614       1638
    ## 103  2008     1          1         2    1309       1305    1800       1805
    ## 104  2008     1          1         2    1316       1300    1504       1500
    ## 105  2008     1          1         2    1317       1320    1626       1645
    ## 106  2008     1          1         2    1320       1310    1526       1508
    ## 107  2008     1          1         2    1334       1335    1700       1649
    ## 108  2008     1          1         2    1337       1315    1806       1804
    ## 109  2008     1          1         2    1340       1342    1715       1725
    ## 110  2008     1          1         2    1341       1325    1435       1425
    ## 111  2008     1          1         2    1347       1330    1433       1415
    ## 112  2008     1          1         2    1350       1345    1637       1645
    ## 113  2008     1          1         2    1354       1355    1445       1445
    ## 114  2008     1          1         2    1355       1346    1451       1439
    ## 115  2008     1          1         2    1401       1315    1640       1600
    ## 116  2008     1          1         2    1403       1350    1621       1615
    ## 117  2008     1          1         2    1404       1405    1456       1500
    ## 118  2008     1          1         2    1406       1410    1606       1625
    ## 119  2008     1          1         2    1410       1415    1503       1515
    ## 120  2008     1          1         2    1421       1415    1513       1515
    ## 121  2008     1          1         2    1422       1430    1538       1547
    ## 122  2008     1          1         2    1424       1425    1757       1744
    ## 123  2008     1          1         2    1427       1415    1809       1815
    ## 124  2008     1          1         2    1427       1400    1516       1450
    ## 125  2008     1          1         2    1428       1405    1648       1650
    ## 126  2008     1          1         2    1429       1400    1542       1515
    ## 127  2008     1          1         2    1430       1430    1528       1525
    ## 128  2008     1          1         2    1430       1430    1533       1524
    ## 129  2008     1          1         2    1435       1400    1619       1555
    ## 130  2008     1          1         2    1440       1345    1532       1445
    ## 131  2008     1          1         2    1441       1445    1600       1607
    ## 132  2008     1          1         2    1443       1353    1752       1658
    ## 133  2008     1          1         2    1445       1420    1739       1710
    ## 134  2008     1          1         2    1448       1450    1540       1545
    ## 135  2008     1          1         2    1451       1335    1645       1530
    ## 136  2008     1          1         2    1454       1435    1613       1550
    ## 137  2008     1          1         2    1455       1455    1617       1612
    ## 138  2008     1          1         2    1505       1500    1541       1545
    ## 139  2008     1          1         2    1509       1510    1814       1828
    ## 140  2008     1          1         2    1516       1520    1700       1654
    ## 141  2008     1          1         2    1520       1520    1626       1620
    ## 142  2008     1          1         2    1521       1520    1606       1610
    ## 143  2008     1          1         2    1524       1519    1625       1624
    ## 144  2008     1          1         2    1534       1535    1838       1850
    ## 145  2008     1          1         2    1536       1530    1631       1640
    ## 146  2008     1          1         2    1536       1525    2012       2005
    ## 147  2008     1          1         2    1545       1545    1636       1640
    ## 148  2008     1          1         2    1549       1520    1711       1655
    ## 149  2008     1          1         2    1550       1528    1928       1900
    ## 150  2008     1          1         2    1550       1555    1706       1723
    ## 151  2008     1          1         2    1603       1545    1702       1640
    ## 152  2008     1          1         2    1604       1605    1717       1705
    ## 153  2008     1          1         2    1606       1550    1657       1645
    ## 154  2008     1          1         2    1606       1600    1902       1910
    ## 155  2008     1          1         2    1610       1600    1900       1840
    ## 156  2008     1          1         2    1611       1402    1800       1534
    ## 157  2008     1          1         2    1613       1615    1739       1754
    ## 158  2008     1          1         2    1617       1615    1651       1655
    ## 159  2008     1          1         2    1620       1610    1707       1705
    ## 160  2008     1          1         2    1621       1624    1922       1940
    ## 161  2008     1          1         2    1623       1505    1752       1650
    ## 162  2008     1          1         2    1623       1603    1920       1907
    ## 163  2008     1          1         2    1630       1630    1723       1730
    ## 164  2008     1          1         2    1634       1635    1734       1740
    ## 165  2008     1          1         2    1637       1635    1854       1900
    ## 166  2008     1          1         2    1653       1655    1755       1816
    ## 167  2008     1          1         2    1654       1640    1742       1735
    ## 168  2008     1          1         2    1655       1705    1847       1905
    ## 169  2008     1          1         2    1700       1630    1850       1820
    ## 170  2008     1          1         2    1700       1635    1952       1937
    ## 171  2008     1          1         2    1701       1610    1839       1800
    ## 172  2008     1          1         2    1705       1705    1743       1755
    ## 173  2008     1          1         2    1708       1650    2059       2048
    ## 174  2008     1          1         2    1710       1645    2051       2058
    ## 175  2008     1          1         2    1721       1720    1806       1810
    ## 176  2008     1          1         2    1726       1730    1858       1904
    ## 177  2008     1          1         2    1727       1730    1831       1825
    ## 178  2008     1          1         2    1727       1700    1823       1805
    ## 179  2008     1          1         2    1730       1730    2146       2213
    ## 180  2008     1          1         2    1735       1720    2211       2205
    ## 181  2008     1          1         2    1738       1745    2222       2227
    ## 182  2008     1          1         2    1740       1745    1831       1840
    ## 183  2008     1          1         2    1741       1745    1842       1850
    ## 184  2008     1          1         2    1749       1745    2229       2225
    ## 185  2008     1          1         2    1751       1745    1855       1840
    ## 186  2008     1          1         2    1755       1755    1844       1902
    ## 187  2008     1          1         2    1755       1735    2114       2015
    ## 188  2008     1          1         2    1800       1800    1950       2010
    ## 189  2008     1          1         2    1801       1800    1845       1850
    ## 190  2008     1          1         2    1805       1645    1934       1828
    ## 191  2008     1          1         2    1808       1740    1911       1850
    ## 192  2008     1          1         2    1809       1810    1921       1910
    ## 193  2008     1          1         2    1820       1825    1929       1924
    ## 194  2008     1          1         2    1824       1748    1943       1900
    ## 195  2008     1          1         2    1828       1830    1919       1925
    ## 196  2008     1          1         2    1828       1833    2006       2004
    ## 197  2008     1          1         2    1829       1830    1925       1925
    ## 198  2008     1          1         2    1830       1614    2126       1925
    ## 199  2008     1          1         2    1838       1820    2004       2005
    ## 200  2008     1          1         2    1839       1805    1945       1905
    ## 201  2008     1          1         2    1839       1740    2107       2030
    ## 202  2008     1          1         2    1845       1855    2119       2139
    ## 203  2008     1          1         2    1845       1735       1       2255
    ## 204  2008     1          1         2    1848       1729    2207       2005
    ## 205  2008     1          1         2    1850       1845    1959       2000
    ## 206  2008     1          1         2    1900       1905    1952       2000
    ## 207  2008     1          1         2    1900       1905    2354       2359
    ## 208  2008     1          1         2    1907       1910    1947       1955
    ## 209  2008     1          1         2    1910       1845    1959       1945
    ## 210  2008     1          1         2    1919       1915    2016       2020
    ## 211  2008     1          1         2    1921       1915    2035       2012
    ## 212  2008     1          1         2    1923       1920    2216       2217
    ## 213  2008     1          1         2    1925       1855    2202       2120
    ## 214  2008     1          1         2    1927       1920    2113       2115
    ## 215  2008     1          1         2    1931       1935    2022       2030
    ## 216  2008     1          1         2    1933       1850    2012       1935
    ## 217  2008     1          1         2    1934       1930    2030       2020
    ## 218  2008     1          1         2    1945       1935      14         10
    ## 219  2008     1          1         2    1947       1740    2224       2010
    ## 220  2008     1          1         2    1948       1935    2057       2035
    ## 221  2008     1          1         2    1949       1945    2024       2020
    ## 222  2008     1          1         2    1950       1947    2112       2100
    ## 223  2008     1          1         2    1956       1955    2307       2319
    ## 224  2008     1          1         2    1958       1855    2304       2204
    ## 225  2008     1          1         2    2012       1916    2301       2216
    ## 226  2008     1          1         2    2012       1940    2235       2228
    ## 227  2008     1          1         2    2016       1955    2108       2055
    ## 228  2008     1          1         2    2017       2005    2101       2055
    ## 229  2008     1          1         2    2019       1955    2229       2215
    ## 230  2008     1          1         2    2031       2030    2114       2115
    ## 231  2008     1          1         2    2032       2015    2331       2320
    ## 232  2008     1          1         2    2035       1955    2209       2130
    ## 233  2008     1          1         2    2035       1945    2324       2230
    ## 234  2008     1          1         2    2046       2045    2302       2310
    ## 235  2008     1          1         2    2048       2050    2144       2145
    ## 236  2008     1          1         2    2050       1905    2320       2150
    ## 237  2008     1          1         2    2058       1955      26       2325
    ## 238  2008     1          1         2    2109       2045     104       2359
    ## 239  2008     1          1         2    2113       2050    2205       2150
    ## 240  2008     1          1         2    2113       2115    2200       2212
    ## 241  2008     1          1         2    2123       1940     103       2323
    ## 242  2008     1          1         2    2124       2035      17       2336
    ## 243  2008     1          1         2    2127       2105    2205       2150
    ## 244  2008     1          1         2    2147       2135    2249       2235
    ## 245  2008     1          1         2    2202       2035     131       2255
    ## 246  2008     1          1         2    2245       2055      44       2246
    ## 247  2008     1          1         2    2247       2135     113         20
    ## 248  2008     1          1         2    2301       2240    2349       2335
    ## 249  2008     1          1         2    2322       2245       9       2336
    ## 250  2008     1          1         2      NA        646      NA        922
    ## 251  2008     1          1         2      NA       1740      NA       1835
    ## 252  2008     1          1         2      NA       1525      NA       1625
    ## 253  2008     1          1         2      NA       1915      NA       2015
    ## 254  2008     1          1         2      NA       1620      NA       1710
    ## 255  2008     1          1         2      NA       1735      NA       1835
    ## 256  2008     1          2         3     539        540     641        635
    ## 257  2008     1          2         3     558        600     929        909
    ## 258  2008     1          2         3     559        600     655        700
    ## 259  2008     1          2         3     600        605     744        750
    ## 260  2008     1          2         3     602        600     839        835
    ## 261  2008     1          2         3     609        610     709        715
    ## 262  2008     1          2         3     612        615    1026       1005
    ## 263  2008     1          2         3     615        620     737        735
    ## 264  2008     1          2         3     620        620    1015        947
    ## 265  2008     1          2         3     624        545     729        640
    ## 266  2008     1          2         3     629        630    1052       1058
    ## 267  2008     1          2         3     631        630     720        725
    ## 268  2008     1          2         3     632        630     718        715
    ## 269  2008     1          2         3     635        635     723        720
    ## 270  2008     1          2         3     636        635     858        900
    ## 271  2008     1          2         3     637        640     808        825
    ## 272  2008     1          2         3     640        645     954        932
    ## 273  2008     1          2         3     642        646     932        922
    ## 274  2008     1          2         3     647        650    1155       1145
    ## 275  2008     1          2         3     650        655     746        750
    ## 276  2008     1          2         3     650        700     832        857
    ## 277  2008     1          2         3     650        650     735        740
    ## 278  2008     1          2         3     652        650     814        825
    ## 279  2008     1          2         3     655        655     753        800
    ## 280  2008     1          2         3     656        700    1113       1133
    ## 281  2008     1          2         3     701        700     805        821
    ## 282  2008     1          2         3     702        705     755        805
    ## 283  2008     1          2         3     703        700     945        930
    ## 284  2008     1          2         3     705        700     855        855
    ## 285  2008     1          2         3     709        715     824        832
    ## 286  2008     1          2         3     717        720     842        853
    ## 287  2008     1          2         3     719        720    1023       1024
    ## 288  2008     1          2         3     720        728    1021       1035
    ## 289  2008     1          2         3     722        726     835        825
    ## 290  2008     1          2         3     723        730     836        901
    ## 291  2008     1          2         3     724        730     815        822
    ## 292  2008     1          2         3     726        725     756        805
    ## 293  2008     1          2         3     732        735     826        835
    ## 294  2008     1          2         3     735        600     849        729
    ## 295  2008     1          2         3     739        740     844        850
    ## 296  2008     1          2         3     739        740     824        830
    ## 297  2008     1          2         3     743        740     841        840
    ## 298  2008     1          2         3     750        705     838        805
    ## 299  2008     1          2         3     750        755     902        905
    ## 300  2008     1          2         3     755        755    1110       1125
    ## 301  2008     1          2         3     756        800     955       1010
    ## 302  2008     1          2         3     756        745     951        943
    ## 303  2008     1          2         3     757        800     851        855
    ## 304  2008     1          2         3     803        800     900        900
    ## 305  2008     1          2         3     806        805     852        900
    ## 306  2008     1          2         3     806        805     849        850
    ## 307  2008     1          2         3     812        815     905        915
    ## 308  2008     1          2         3     816        815    1042       1100
    ## 309  2008     1          2         3     824        825     906        910
    ## 310  2008     1          2         3     827        825     918        920
    ## 311  2008     1          2         3     828        825    1000        947
    ## 312  2008     1          2         3     830        830    1131       1136
    ## 313  2008     1          2         3     830        810    1305       1250
    ## 314  2008     1          2         3     830        830    1009       1009
    ## 315  2008     1          2         3     831        810    1038       1030
    ## 316  2008     1          2         3     835        820    1000       1003
    ## 317  2008     1          2         3     836        835     935        935
    ## 318  2008     1          2         3     839        840    1021       1014
    ## 319  2008     1          2         3     842        745    1115       1030
    ## 320  2008     1          2         3     845        850     953       1010
    ## 321  2008     1          2         3     852        840     934        930
    ## 322  2008     1          2         3     853        850    1342       1330
    ## 323  2008     1          2         3     854        900     944        955
    ## 324  2008     1          2         3     855        900     942       1000
    ## 325  2008     1          2         3     856        900     952       1000
    ## 326  2008     1          2         3     856        840    1205       1150
    ## 327  2008     1          2         3     902        850    1216       1215
    ## 328  2008     1          2         3     903        905    1418       1425
    ## 329  2008     1          2         3     906        915    1004       1013
    ## 330  2008     1          2         3     906        850    1226       1235
    ## 331  2008     1          2         3     914        915    1001       1025
    ## 332  2008     1          2         3     915        920    1012       1015
    ## 333  2008     1          2         3     915        855    1131       1109
    ## 334  2008     1          2         3     915        905    1058       1100
    ## 335  2008     1          2         3     916        925    1016       1032
    ## 336  2008     1          2         3     916        850    1401       1332
    ## 337  2008     1          2         3     918        915    1152       1210
    ## 338  2008     1          2         3     924        925    1325       1325
    ## 339  2008     1          2         3     927        923    1112       1119
    ## 340  2008     1          2         3     928        925    1022       1025
    ## 341  2008     1          2         3     930        905    1157       1055
    ## 342  2008     1          2         3     942        945    1037       1045
    ## 343  2008     1          2         3     943        842    1204       1118
    ## 344  2008     1          2         3     945        940    1116       1125
    ## 345  2008     1          2         3     948        955    1054       1052
    ## 346  2008     1          2         3     954        955    1115       1130
    ## 347  2008     1          2         3    1000       1005    1301       1235
    ## 348  2008     1          2         3    1000       1000    1041       1045
    ## 349  2008     1          2         3    1003       1004    1101       1101
    ## 350  2008     1          2         3    1009       1007    1147       1142
    ## 351  2008     1          2         3    1020       1015    1508       1505
    ## 352  2008     1          2         3    1024       1030    1218       1221
    ## 353  2008     1          2         3    1026       1025    1350       1344
    ## 354  2008     1          2         3    1030       1030    1349       1352
    ## 355  2008     1          2         3    1031        955    1121       1045
    ## 356  2008     1          2         3    1035       1035    1358       1343
    ## 357  2008     1          2         3    1054       1050    1151       1155
    ## 358  2008     1          2         3    1057       1105    1350       1349
    ## 359  2008     1          2         3    1057       1100    1207       1157
    ## 360  2008     1          2         3    1058       1040    1155       1140
    ## 361  2008     1          2         3    1103       1050    1152       1145
    ## 362  2008     1          2         3    1105       1010    1155       1100
    ## 363  2008     1          2         3    1106       1105    1149       1150
    ## 364  2008     1          2         3    1109       1115    1225       1229
    ## 365  2008     1          2         3    1110       1110    1213       1230
    ## 366  2008     1          2         3    1121       1105    1431       1420
    ## 367  2008     1          2         3    1126       1130    1221       1230
    ## 368  2008     1          2         3    1130       1130    1326       1320
    ## 369  2008     1          2         3    1135       1135    1223       1225
    ## 370  2008     1          2         3    1137       1140    1437       1415
    ## 371  2008     1          2         3    1137       1136    1710       1701
    ## 372  2008     1          2         3    1143       1120    1402       1345
    ## 373  2008     1          2         3    1144       1120    1229       1220
    ## 374  2008     1          2         3    1146       1050    1337       1240
    ## 375  2008     1          2         3    1147       1155    1251       1320
    ## 376  2008     1          2         3    1157       1205    1615       1647
    ## 377  2008     1          2         3    1200       1140    1743       1630
    ## 378  2008     1          2         3    1201       1200    1337       1344
    ## 379  2008     1          2         3    1208       1125    1303       1220
    ## 380  2008     1          2         3    1215       1215    1754       1735
    ## 381  2008     1          2         3    1222       1210    1313       1300
    ## 382  2008     1          2         3    1226       1225    1532       1530
    ## 383  2008     1          2         3    1228       1115    1729       1553
    ## 384  2008     1          2         3    1228       1210    1411       1410
    ## 385  2008     1          2         3    1231       1152    1637       1559
    ## 386  2008     1          2         3    1234       1235    1331       1335
    ## 387  2008     1          2         3    1235       1240    1306       1320
    ## 388  2008     1          2         3    1239       1220    1607       1605
    ## 389  2008     1          2         3    1242       1225    1337       1325
    ## 390  2008     1          2         3    1242       1232    1333       1329
    ## 391  2008     1          2         3    1251       1250    1350       1350
    ## 392  2008     1          2         3    1259       1300    1347       1357
    ## 393  2008     1          2         3    1302       1305    1748       1805
    ## 394  2008     1          2         3    1309       1300    1500       1500
    ## 395  2008     1          2         3    1310       1315    1751       1804
    ## 396  2008     1          2         3    1313       1316    1621       1638
    ## 397  2008     1          2         3    1316       1150    1724       1535
    ## 398  2008     1          2         3    1320       1300    1443       1438
    ## 399  2008     1          2         3    1320       1230    1537       1515
    ## 400  2008     1          2         3    1322       1245    1432       1340
    ## 401  2008     1          2         3    1324       1325    1428       1425
    ## 402  2008     1          2         3    1331       1320    1639       1645
    ## 403  2008     1          2         3    1331       1335    1624       1649
    ## 404  2008     1          2         3    1340       1325    1431       1415
    ## 405  2008     1          2         3    1343       1346    1439       1439
    ## 406  2008     1          2         3    1344       1335    1526       1530
    ## 407  2008     1          2         3    1345       1240    1832       1720
    ## 408  2008     1          2         3    1346       1342    1738       1725
    ## 409  2008     1          2         3    1348       1345    1642       1645
    ## 410  2008     1          2         3    1351       1330    1430       1415
    ## 411  2008     1          2         3    1355       1315    1632       1600
    ## 412  2008     1          2         3    1355       1400    1536       1555
    ## 413  2008     1          2         3    1403       1402    1530       1534
    ## 414  2008     1          2         3    1406       1355    1453       1445
    ## 415  2008     1          2         3    1407       1410    1559       1625
    ## 416  2008     1          2         3    1407       1345    1501       1445
    ## 417  2008     1          2         3    1413       1400    1455       1450
    ## 418  2008     1          2         3    1416       1415    1514       1515
    ## 419  2008     1          2         3    1418       1415    1513       1515
    ## 420  2008     1          2         3    1433       1405    1702       1650
    ## 421  2008     1          2         3    1434       1430    1526       1525
    ## 422  2008     1          2         3    1435       1430    1559       1547
    ## 423  2008     1          2         3    1437       1415    1837       1815
    ## 424  2008     1          2         3    1440       1353    1742       1658
    ## 425  2008     1          2         3    1449       1425    1750       1744
    ## 426  2008     1          2         3    1450       1455    1555       1612
    ## 427  2008     1          2         3    1451       1420    1714       1710
    ## 428  2008     1          2         3    1454       1440    1549       1530
    ## 429  2008     1          2         3    1454       1405    1602       1500
    ## 430  2008     1          2         3    1457       1450    1547       1545
    ## 431  2008     1          2         3    1457       1435    1625       1550
    ## 432  2008     1          2         3    1457       1350    1657       1615
    ## 433  2008     1          2         3    1459       1400    1607       1515
    ## 434  2008     1          2         3    1503       1440    1552       1533
    ## 435  2008     1          2         3    1510       1445    1627       1607
    ## 436  2008     1          2         3    1513       1505    1646       1650
    ## 437  2008     1          2         3    1514       1510    1823       1828
    ## 438  2008     1          2         3    1514       1520    1611       1620
    ## 439  2008     1          2         3    1516       1519    1615       1624
    ## 440  2008     1          2         3    1525       1520    1654       1654
    ## 441  2008     1          2         3    1525       1310    1710       1508
    ## 442  2008     1          2         3    1533       1520    1658       1655
    ## 443  2008     1          2         3    1537       1520    1622       1610
    ## 444  2008     1          2         3    1539       1525    1638       1625
    ## 445  2008     1          2         3    1545       1545    1634       1640
    ## 446  2008     1          2         3    1546       1535    1854       1850
    ## 447  2008     1          2         3    1547       1550    1637       1645
    ## 448  2008     1          2         3    1547       1545    1640       1640
    ## 449  2008     1          2         3    1558       1525    2024       2005
    ## 450  2008     1          2         3    1605       1610    1749       1800
    ## 451  2008     1          2         3    1605       1610    1659       1705
    ## 452  2008     1          2         3    1610       1555    1722       1723
    ## 453  2008     1          2         3    1612       1614    1927       1925
    ## 454  2008     1          2         3    1615       1610    1720       1704
    ## 455  2008     1          2         3    1615       1615    1736       1754
    ## 456  2008     1          2         3    1620       1630    1817       1820
    ## 457  2008     1          2         3    1622       1550    1703       1635
    ## 458  2008     1          2         3    1624       1624    1937       1940
    ## 459  2008     1          2         3    1628       1600    1930       1910
    ## 460  2008     1          2         3    1636       1635    1733       1740
    ## 461  2008     1          2         3    1641       1635    1859       1900
    ## 462  2008     1          2         3    1643       1600    1947       1840
    ## 463  2008     1          2         3    1648       1630    1740       1730
    ## 464  2008     1          2         3    1649       1650    2051       2048
    ## 465  2008     1          2         3    1654       1655    1805       1816
    ## 466  2008     1          2         3    1657       1700    1755       1805
    ## 467  2008     1          2         3    1702       1705    1912       1905
    ## 468  2008     1          2         3    1703       1645    1836       1828
    ## 469  2008     1          2         3    1709       1635    2007       1937
    ## 470  2008     1          2         3    1716       1705    1812       1755
    ## 471  2008     1          2         3    1721       1730    1812       1825
    ## 472  2008     1          2         3    1730       1528    2110       1900
    ## 473  2008     1          2         3    1734       1730    1908       1904
    ## 474  2008     1          2         3    1735       1745    2207       2227
    ## 475  2008     1          2         3    1736       1640    1828       1735
    ## 476  2008     1          2         3    1738       1735    2242       2255
    ## 477  2008     1          2         3    1739       1705    1809       1745
    ## 478  2008     1          2         3    1741       1620    1824       1710
    ## 479  2008     1          2         3    1745       1645    2115       2058
    ## 480  2008     1          2         3    1745       1745    1853       1840
    ## 481  2008     1          2         3    1745       1735    1841       1835
    ## 482  2008     1          2         3    1746       1735    2107       2015
    ## 483  2008     1          2         3    1747       1748    1900       1900
    ## 484  2008     1          2         3    1749       1745    1841       1840
    ## 485  2008     1          2         3    1751       1730    2231       2213
    ## 486  2008     1          2         3    1752       1755    1856       1902
    ## 487  2008     1          2         3    1755       1530    1851       1640
    ## 488  2008     1          2         3    1806       1805    1859       1905
    ## 489  2008     1          2         3    1807       1729    2047       2005
    ## 490  2008     1          2         3    1811       1740    2038       2030
    ## 491  2008     1          2         3    1815       1800    2008       2010
    ## 492  2008     1          2         3    1815       1745    1914       1850
    ## 493  2008     1          2         3    1822       1810    1919       1910
    ## 494  2008     1          2         3    1825       1825    2122       2134
    ## 495  2008     1          2         3    1825       1825    1930       1924
    ## 496  2008     1          2         3    1826       1810    1913       1900
    ## 497  2008     1          2         3    1830       1720    2333       2205
    ## 498  2008     1          2         3    1833       1833    1950       2004
    ## 499  2008     1          2         3    1841       1845    1942       1945
    ## 500  2008     1          2         3    1848       1845    1952       2000
    ## 501  2008     1          2         3    1849       1740    1935       1835
    ## 502  2008     1          2         3    1852       1855    2129       2139
    ## 503  2008     1          2         3    1853       1820    2039       2005
    ## 504  2008     1          2         3    1900       1830    1955       1925
    ## 505  2008     1          2         3    1906       1740    2011       1850
    ## 506  2008     1          2         3    1910       1855    2124       2120
    ## 507  2008     1          2         3    1911       1905    2020       2000
    ## 508  2008     1          2         3    1912       1855    2230       2204
    ## 509  2008     1          2         3    1917       1915    2033       2015
    ## 510  2008     1          2         3    1917       1916    2227       2216
    ## 511  2008     1          2         3    1919       1905    2400       2359
    ## 512  2008     1          2         3    1926       1915    2019       2012
    ## 513  2008     1          2         3    1935       1920    2125       2115
    ## 514  2008     1          2         3    1935       1935    2030       2035
    ## 515  2008     1          2         3    1936       1940    2213       2228
    ## 516  2008     1          2         3    1937       1920    2231       2217
    ## 517  2008     1          2         3    1938       1910    2017       1955
    ## 518  2008     1          2         3    1940       1940    2350       2323
    ## 519  2008     1          2         3    1944       1935    2032       2025
    ## 520  2008     1          2         3    1946       1955    2040       2055
    ## 521  2008     1          2         3    1947       1925    2038       2030
    ## 522  2008     1          2         3    1952       1955    2305       2319
    ## 523  2008     1          2         3    1958       1935    2048       2030
    ## 524  2008     1          2         3    1958       1850    2039       1935
    ## 525  2008     1          2         3    2014       1955    2221       2215
    ## 526  2008     1          2         3    2021       1905    2237       2150
    ## 527  2008     1          2         3    2031       2015    2325       2320
    ## 528  2008     1          2         3    2032       1740    2306       2010
    ## 529  2008     1          2         3    2037       1935    2227       2130
    ## 530  2008     1          2         3    2045       1745     129       2225
    ## 531  2008     1          2         3    2047       2050    2140       2150
    ## 532  2008     1          2         3    2049       2045      31       2359
    ## 533  2008     1          2         3    2056       2045    2142       2135
    ## 534  2008     1          2         3    2056       1945    2125       2020
    ## 535  2008     1          2         3    2104       1955    2229       2130
    ## 536  2008     1          2         3    2123       2045    2342       2310
    ## 537  2008     1          2         3    2127       2035    2338       2255
    ## 538  2008     1          2         3    2129       2035      26       2336
    ## 539  2008     1          2         3    2131       2105    2208       2150
    ## 540  2008     1          2         3    2141       1945      15       2230
    ## 541  2008     1          2         3    2141       2115    2240       2212
    ## 542  2008     1          2         3    2151       1955      54       2325
    ## 543  2008     1          2         3    2155       2055       8       2251
    ## 544  2008     1          2         3    2156       2120    2324       2256
    ## 545  2008     1          2         3    2201       2005    2245       2055
    ## 546  2008     1          2         3    2220       2015     242         50
    ## 547  2008     1          2         3    2239       2240    2318       2335
    ## 548  2008     1          2         3    2256       2025    2332       2110
    ## 549  2008     1          2         3    2257       2245    2353       2336
    ## 550  2008     1          2         3    2300       2135    2352       2235
    ## 551  2008     1          2         3    2303       2135     120         20
    ## 552  2008     1          2         3      NA       1830      NA       1925
    ## 553  2008     1          2         3      NA       2050      NA       2145
    ## 554  2008     1          2         3      NA       1720      NA       1810
    ## 555  2008     1          2         3      NA       1930      NA       2020
    ## 556  2008     1          3         4     539        540     644        635
    ## 557  2008     1          3         4     544        545     644        640
    ## 558  2008     1          3         4     555        600     729        729
    ## 559  2008     1          3         4     557        605     734        750
    ## 560  2008     1          3         4     557        600     646        700
    ## 561  2008     1          3         4     557        600     838        835
    ## 562  2008     1          3         4     602        600     955        909
    ## 563  2008     1          3         4     607        610     705        715
    ## 564  2008     1          3         4     615        615    1013       1005
    ## 565  2008     1          3         4     616        620    1002        952
    ## 566  2008     1          3         4     624        620     736        735
    ## 567  2008     1          3         4     628        630    1118       1058
    ## 568  2008     1          3         4     630        630     720        725
    ## 569  2008     1          3         4     630        630     716        715
    ## 570  2008     1          3         4     635        635     715        720
    ## 571  2008     1          3         4     636        640     833        825
    ## 572  2008     1          3         4     636        635     854        900
    ## 573  2008     1          3         4     641        646     922        922
    ## 574  2008     1          3         4     650        650     734        740
    ## 575  2008     1          3         4     651        650    1136       1145
    ## 576  2008     1          3         4     652        645     946        932
    ## 577  2008     1          3         4     652        655     752        800
    ## 578  2008     1          3         4     652        700     840        857
    ## 579  2008     1          3         4     653        655     757        750
    ## 580  2008     1          3         4     654        650     823        825
    ## 581  2008     1          3         4     656        700    1141       1133
    ## 582  2008     1          3         4     702        700     856        855
    ## 583  2008     1          3         4     704        705     804        805
    ## 584  2008     1          3         4     705        705     756        805
    ## 585  2008     1          3         4     706        700     814        821
    ## 586  2008     1          3         4     707        700     941        930
    ## 587  2008     1          3         4     717        720    1021       1024
    ## 588  2008     1          3         4     721        726     831        825
    ## 589  2008     1          3         4     726        725     756        805
    ## 590  2008     1          3         4     727        715     841        832
    ## 591  2008     1          3         4     728        730     819        822
    ## 592  2008     1          3         4     730        735     822        835
    ## 593  2008     1          3         4     736        728    1033       1035
    ## 594  2008     1          3         4     740        740     846        850
    ## 595  2008     1          3         4     740        740     823        830
    ## 596  2008     1          3         4     741        740     839        840
    ## 597  2008     1          3         4     743        730     902        901
    ## 598  2008     1          3         4     747        745    1028        943
    ## 599  2008     1          3         4     747        800     836        855
    ## 600  2008     1          3         4     752        755     904        905
    ## 601  2008     1          3         4     753        800     846        900
    ## 602  2008     1          3         4     754        755    1046       1125
    ## 603  2008     1          3         4     759        745    1024       1030
    ## 604  2008     1          3         4     800        800     959       1010
    ## 605  2008     1          3         4     807        805     850        850
    ## 606  2008     1          3         4     809        815     900        915
    ## 607  2008     1          3         4     811        810    1239       1250
    ## 608  2008     1          3         4     820        825     906        920
    ## 609  2008     1          3         4     823        825     902        910
    ## 610  2008     1          3         4     824        825     937        947
    ## 611  2008     1          3         4     824        815    1053       1100
    ## 612  2008     1          3         4     827        830    1138       1136
    ## 613  2008     1          3         4     829        835     936        935
    ## 614  2008     1          3         4     836        840    1011       1014
    ## 615  2008     1          3         4     839        842    1109       1118
    ## 616  2008     1          3         4     840        830    1002       1009
    ## 617  2008     1          3         4     842        805     930        900
    ## 618  2008     1          3         4     846        810    1054       1030
    ## 619  2008     1          3         4     851        850     957       1010
    ## 620  2008     1          3         4     858        840    1201       1150
    ## 621  2008     1          3         4     859        900     947        955
    ## 622  2008     1          3         4     859        900     954       1000
    ## 623  2008     1          3         4     859        850    1333       1332
    ## 624  2008     1          3         4     902        850    1212       1235
    ## 625  2008     1          3         4     905        850    1334       1330
    ## 626  2008     1          3         4     905        905    1140       1055
    ## 627  2008     1          3         4     906        900    1025       1000
    ## 628  2008     1          3         4     908        915    1010       1013
    ## 629  2008     1          3         4     910        920    1002       1015
    ## 630  2008     1          3         4     910        855    1126       1109
    ## 631  2008     1          3         4     911        820    1045       1003
    ## 632  2008     1          3         4     911        905    1426       1425
    ## 633  2008     1          3         4     912        915    1017       1025
    ## 634  2008     1          3         4     912        840     954        930
    ## 635  2008     1          3         4     918        925    1009       1032
    ## 636  2008     1          3         4     921        923    1114       1119
    ## 637  2008     1          3         4     923        925    1011       1025
    ## 638  2008     1          3         4     924        925    1321       1325
    ## 639  2008     1          3         4     943        945    1058       1045
    ## 640  2008     1          3         4     945        940    1117       1125
    ## 641  2008     1          3         4     946        955    1037       1052
    ## 642  2008     1          3         4     951        850    1257       1215
    ## 643  2008     1          3         4     954        955    1036       1045
    ## 644  2008     1          3         4    1000       1000    1037       1045
    ## 645  2008     1          3         4    1000       1010    1050       1100
    ## 646  2008     1          3         4    1001       1005    1227       1235
    ## 647  2008     1          3         4    1003        915    1224       1210
    ## 648  2008     1          3         4    1008        905    1152       1100
    ## 649  2008     1          3         4    1020        955    1148       1130
    ## 650  2008     1          3         4    1024       1015    1504       1505
    ## 651  2008     1          3         4    1026       1030    1337       1352
    ## 652  2008     1          3         4    1030       1035    1349       1343
    ## 653  2008     1          3         4    1032       1004    1123       1101
    ## 654  2008     1          3         4    1041       1040    1129       1140
    ## 655  2008     1          3         4    1042       1007    1208       1148
    ## 656  2008     1          3         4    1051       1050    1158       1155
    ## 657  2008     1          3         4    1057       1050    1243       1240
    ## 658  2008     1          3         4    1058       1100    1150       1157
    ## 659  2008     1          3         4    1101       1105    1347       1349
    ## 660  2008     1          3         4    1108       1105    1146       1150
    ## 661  2008     1          3         4    1109       1110    1224       1230
    ## 662  2008     1          3         4    1111       1030    1306       1221
    ## 663  2008     1          3         4    1113       1105    1416       1420
    ## 664  2008     1          3         4    1115       1115    1233       1229
    ## 665  2008     1          3         4    1116       1120    1221       1220
    ## 666  2008     1          3         4    1118       1050    1217       1145
    ## 667  2008     1          3         4    1119       1125    1211       1220
    ## 668  2008     1          3         4    1122       1120    1340       1345
    ## 669  2008     1          3         4    1127       1130    1216       1230
    ## 670  2008     1          3         4    1134       1135    1219       1225
    ## 671  2008     1          3         4    1143       1140    1416       1415
    ## 672  2008     1          3         4    1149       1152    1545       1559
    ## 673  2008     1          3         4    1152       1200    1338       1344
    ## 674  2008     1          3         4    1158       1205    1643       1647
    ## 675  2008     1          3         4    1200       1115    1730       1553
    ## 676  2008     1          3         4    1207       1150    1610       1535
    ## 677  2008     1          3         4    1213       1130    1356       1320
    ## 678  2008     1          3         4    1214       1140    1714       1630
    ## 679  2008     1          3         4    1220       1220    1557       1605
    ## 680  2008     1          3         4    1223       1225    1331       1325
    ## 681  2008     1          3         4    1223       1215    1732       1735
    ## 682  2008     1          3         4    1225       1210    1317       1300
    ## 683  2008     1          3         4    1226       1232    1332       1329
    ## 684  2008     1          3         4    1232       1155    1401       1320
    ## 685  2008     1          3         4    1240       1210    1414       1410
    ## 686  2008     1          3         4    1240       1245    1330       1340
    ## 687  2008     1          3         4    1241       1218    1542       1524
    ## 688  2008     1          3         4    1243       1235    1348       1335
    ## 689  2008     1          3         4    1246       1240    1320       1320
    ## 690  2008     1          3         4    1250       1250    1348       1350
    ## 691  2008     1          3         4    1256       1240    1724       1720
    ## 692  2008     1          3         4    1308       1315    1806       1804
    ## 693  2008     1          3         4    1311       1305    1809       1805
    ## 694  2008     1          3         4    1314       1316    1624       1638
    ## 695  2008     1          3         4    1315       1300    1500       1500
    ## 696  2008     1          3         4    1318       1320    1645       1645
    ## 697  2008     1          3         4    1321       1325    1417       1425
    ## 698  2008     1          3         4    1325       1310    1453       1508
    ## 699  2008     1          3         4    1326       1300    1427       1357
    ## 700  2008     1          3         4    1332       1314    1444       1446
    ## 701  2008     1          3         4    1334       1330    1410       1415
    ## 702  2008     1          3         4    1335       1335    1525       1530
    ## 703  2008     1          3         4    1342       1335    1641       1649
    ## 704  2008     1          3         4    1350       1346    1435       1439
    ## 705  2008     1          3         4    1352       1353    1729       1658
    ## 706  2008     1          3         4    1358       1345    1646       1645
    ## 707  2008     1          3         4    1359       1400    1511       1515
    ## 708  2008     1          3         4    1359       1405    1456       1500
    ## 709  2008     1          3         4    1400       1230    1629       1515
    ## 710  2008     1          3         4    1402       1355    1453       1445
    ## 711  2008     1          3         4    1405       1405    1645       1650
    ## 712  2008     1          3         4    1407       1410    1603       1625
    ## 713  2008     1          3         4    1414       1415    1811       1815
    ## 714  2008     1          3         4    1414       1315    1646       1600
    ## 715  2008     1          3         4    1414       1415    1510       1515
    ## 716  2008     1          3         4    1414       1345    1506       1445
    ## 717  2008     1          3         4    1415       1400    1459       1450
    ## 718  2008     1          3         4    1416       1342    1752       1725
    ## 719  2008     1          3         4    1421       1430    1507       1525
    ## 720  2008     1          3         4    1426       1430    1536       1547
    ## 721  2008     1          3         4    1430       1415    1541       1515
    ## 722  2008     1          3         4    1430       1350    1635       1615
    ## 723  2008     1          3         4    1430       1430    1515       1524
    ## 724  2008     1          3         4    1432       1420    1650       1710
    ## 725  2008     1          3         4    1436       1400    1619       1555
    ## 726  2008     1          3         4    1437       1435    1558       1550
    ## 727  2008     1          3         4    1439       1445    1601       1607
    ## 728  2008     1          3         4    1443       1425    1750       1744
    ## 729  2008     1          3         4    1451       1450    1545       1545
    ## 730  2008     1          3         4    1514       1520    1646       1654
    ## 731  2008     1          3         4    1517       1519    1620       1624
    ## 732  2008     1          3         4    1520       1520    1831       1829
    ## 733  2008     1          3         4    1521       1454    1632       1630
    ## 734  2008     1          3         4    1525       1528    1856       1900
    ## 735  2008     1          3         4    1527       1505    1722       1650
    ## 736  2008     1          3         4    1533       1520    1712       1655
    ## 737  2008     1          3         4    1534       1530    1636       1640
    ## 738  2008     1          3         4    1538       1455    1640       1612
    ## 739  2008     1          3         4    1541       1535    1847       1850
    ## 740  2008     1          3         4    1543       1550    1638       1645
    ## 741  2008     1          3         4    1543       1525    1643       1625
    ## 742  2008     1          3         4    1544       1520    1640       1620
    ## 743  2008     1          3         4    1546       1545    1641       1640
    ## 744  2008     1          3         4    1553       1555    1713       1723
    ## 745  2008     1          3         4    1555       1545    1652       1640
    ## 746  2008     1          3         4    1557       1525    2022       2005
    ## 747  2008     1          3         4    1600       1550    1643       1635
    ## 748  2008     1          3         4    1605       1610    1743       1800
    ## 749  2008     1          3         4    1605       1605    1701       1705
    ## 750  2008     1          3         4    1606       1610    1703       1705
    ## 751  2008     1          3         4    1613       1520    1656       1610
    ## 752  2008     1          3         4    1621       1600    1924       1910
    ## 753  2008     1          3         4    1622       1620    1702       1710
    ## 754  2008     1          3         4    1627       1630    1716       1730
    ## 755  2008     1          3         4    1629       1615    1746       1754
    ## 756  2008     1          3         4    1635       1635    1926       1937
    ## 757  2008     1          3         4    1636       1635    1857       1900
    ## 758  2008     1          3         4    1641       1630    1830       1820
    ## 759  2008     1          3         4    1644       1603    1932       1907
    ## 760  2008     1          3         4    1647       1624    1958       1940
    ## 761  2008     1          3         4    1653       1645    1816       1828
    ## 762  2008     1          3         4    1701       1705    1904       1905
    ## 763  2008     1          3         4    1704       1700    2007       2011
    ## 764  2008     1          3         4    1706       1655    1822       1816
    ## 765  2008     1          3         4    1707       1640    1759       1735
    ## 766  2008     1          3         4    1707       1600    1944       1840
    ## 767  2008     1          3         4    1710       1705    1736       1745
    ## 768  2008     1          3         4    1710       1705    1749       1755
    ## 769  2008     1          3         4    1711       1650    2118       2048
    ## 770  2008     1          3         4    1717       1635    1815       1740
    ## 771  2008     1          3         4    1721       1720    2211       2205
    ## 772  2008     1          3         4    1724       1700    1826       1805
    ## 773  2008     1          3         4    1725       1730    1828       1825
    ## 774  2008     1          3         4    1726       1730    2212       2213
    ## 775  2008     1          3         4    1727       1730    1903       1904
    ## 776  2008     1          3         4    1733       1735    2014       2015
    ## 777  2008     1          3         4    1740       1745    1825       1840
    ## 778  2008     1          3         4    1741       1740    1848       1850
    ## 779  2008     1          3         4    1742       1740    1836       1835
    ## 780  2008     1          3         4    1743       1740    2015       2030
    ## 781  2008     1          3         4    1744       1745    1842       1840
    ## 782  2008     1          3         4    1745       1745    2219       2227
    ## 783  2008     1          3         4    1748       1740    2052       2010
    ## 784  2008     1          3         4    1750       1729    2036       2005
    ## 785  2008     1          3         4    1754       1735    1844       1835
    ## 786  2008     1          3         4    1755       1755    1857       1902
    ## 787  2008     1          3         4    1805       1805    1910       1905
    ## 788  2008     1          3         4    1808       1810    1916       1910
    ## 789  2008     1          3         4    1810       1735    2315       2255
    ## 790  2008     1          3         4    1820       1810    1909       1900
    ## 791  2008     1          3         4    1822       1820    1924       1919
    ## 792  2008     1          3         4    1824       1820    2032       2005
    ## 793  2008     1          3         4    1825       1755    2028       2005
    ## 794  2008     1          3         4    1825       1745    1921       1850
    ## 795  2008     1          3         4    1836       1735    2136       2155
    ## 796  2008     1          3         4    1836       1840    1954       2011
    ## 797  2008     1          3         4    1847       1855    2157       2204
    ## 798  2008     1          3         4    1847       1745    2323       2225
    ## 799  2008     1          3         4    1852       1830    1942       1925
    ## 800  2008     1          3         4    1858       1905    1950       2000
    ## 801  2008     1          3         4    1859       1855    2132       2139
    ## 802  2008     1          3         4    1900       1845    2018       2000
    ## 803  2008     1          3         4    1904       1845    1955       1945
    ## 804  2008     1          3         4    1907       1850    2001       1935
    ## 805  2008     1          3         4    1908       1905    2356       2359
    ## 806  2008     1          3         4    1913       1916    2200       2216
    ## 807  2008     1          3         4    1914       1915    2002       2015
    ## 808  2008     1          3         4    1919       1915    2021       2012
    ## 809  2008     1          3         4    1921       1930    2005       2020
    ## 810  2008     1          3         4    1924       1920    2116       2115
    ## 811  2008     1          3         4    1936       1920    2230       2217
    ## 812  2008     1          3         4    1936       1940    2235       2228
    ## 813  2008     1          3         4    1937       1940    2316       2323
    ## 814  2008     1          3         4    1938       1925    2030       2030
    ## 815  2008     1          3         4    1940       1855    2140       2120
    ## 816  2008     1          3         4    1942       1910    2024       1955
    ## 817  2008     1          3         4    1945       1935    2039       2030
    ## 818  2008     1          3         4    1949       1935    2042       2035
    ## 819  2008     1          3         4    1951       1955    2105       2055
    ## 820  2008     1          3         4    1952       1935    2141       2130
    ## 821  2008     1          3         4    1953       1955    2157       2215
    ## 822  2008     1          3         4    1955       1935    2042       2025
    ## 823  2008     1          3         4    1956       1945    2233       2230
    ## 824  2008     1          3         4    1958       1945    2032       2020
    ## 825  2008     1          3         4    2005       1947    2133       2100
    ## 826  2008     1          3         4    2022       2015    2324       2320
    ## 827  2008     1          3         4    2023       1955    2145       2130
    ## 828  2008     1          3         4    2033       1905    2249       2150
    ## 829  2008     1          3         4    2033       2035    2255       2255
    ## 830  2008     1          3         4    2033       2005    2117       2055
    ## 831  2008     1          3         4    2036       1955    2351       2319
    ## 832  2008     1          3         4    2039       2025    2114       2110
    ## 833  2008     1          3         4    2039       1955    2343       2325
    ## 834  2008     1          3         4    2042       2050    2133       2145
    ## 835  2008     1          3         4    2044       2045    2347       2359
    ## 836  2008     1          3         4    2047       2050    2137       2150
    ## 837  2008     1          3         4    2054       2045    2141       2135
    ## 838  2008     1          3         4    2055       2055    2228       2251
    ## 839  2008     1          3         4    2118       2015     144         50
    ## 840  2008     1          3         4    2120       2120    2243       2256
    ## 841  2008     1          3         4    2125       2115    2232       2212
    ## 842  2008     1          3         4    2132       2135    2222       2235
    ## 843  2008     1          3         4    2133       2105    2214       2150
    ## 844  2008     1          3         4    2140       2135    2400         20
    ## 845  2008     1          3         4    2143       2035      32       2336
    ## 846  2008     1          3         4    2221       2045      36       2310
    ## 847  2008     1          3         4    2239       2245    2330       2336
    ## 848  2008     1          3         4    2242       2240    2328       2335
    ## 849  2008     1          3         4      NA       1748      NA       1900
    ## 850  2008     1          3         4      NA       1830      NA       1925
    ## 851  2008     1          3         4      NA       1440      NA       1530
    ## 852  2008     1          3         4      NA       1136      NA       1701
    ## 853  2008     1          3         4      NA       1325      NA       1415
    ## 854  2008     1          3         4      NA       1720      NA       1810
    ## 855  2008     1          4         5     538        540     629        635
    ## 856  2008     1          4         5     543        545     645        640
    ## 857  2008     1          4         5     554        600     906        835
    ## 858  2008     1          4         5     558        600     936        909
    ## 859  2008     1          4         5     600        600     729        729
    ## 860  2008     1          4         5     600        600     710        700
    ## 861  2008     1          4         5     606        610     710        715
    ## 862  2008     1          4         5     615        620     955        952
    ## 863  2008     1          4         5     619        620     749        735
    ## 864  2008     1          4         5     624        605     821        750
    ## 865  2008     1          4         5     625        630    1109       1058
    ## 866  2008     1          4         5     626        630     717        715
    ## 867  2008     1          4         5     631        630     720        725
    ## 868  2008     1          4         5     632        635     850        900
    ## 869  2008     1          4         5     635        640     841        825
    ## 870  2008     1          4         5     635        635     716        720
    ## 871  2008     1          4         5     641        645     936        932
    ## 872  2008     1          4         5     642        646     933        922
    ## 873  2008     1          4         5     645        615    1048       1005
    ## 874  2008     1          4         5     648        650     731        740
    ## 875  2008     1          4         5     651        650     827        825
    ## 876  2008     1          4         5     651        700    1137       1133
    ## 877  2008     1          4         5     651        655     749        800
    ## 878  2008     1          4         5     653        700     901        857
    ## 879  2008     1          4         5     654        705     814        805
    ## 880  2008     1          4         5     656        655     808        750
    ## 881  2008     1          4         5     700        700     938        930
    ## 882  2008     1          4         5     701        700     817        821
    ## 883  2008     1          4         5     701        705     751        805
    ## 884  2008     1          4         5     708        650    1156       1145
    ## 885  2008     1          4         5     713        700     913        855
    ## 886  2008     1          4         5     714        720    1027       1024
    ## 887  2008     1          4         5     715        715     838        832
    ## 888  2008     1          4         5     726        725     808        805
    ## 889  2008     1          4         5     726        730     822        822
    ## 890  2008     1          4         5     727        726     818        825
    ## 891  2008     1          4         5     728        730     900        901
    ## 892  2008     1          4         5     728        728    1029       1035
    ## 893  2008     1          4         5     731        735     825        835
    ## 894  2008     1          4         5     737        740     821        830
    ## 895  2008     1          4         5     738        740     851        840
    ## 896  2008     1          4         5     739        740     848        850
    ## 897  2008     1          4         5     747        745    1254        943
    ## 898  2008     1          4         5     748        745    1015       1030
    ## 899  2008     1          4         5     752        755     928        905
    ## 900  2008     1          4         5     754        755    1056       1125
    ## 901  2008     1          4         5     757        800     957       1010
    ## 902  2008     1          4         5     757        800     844        900
    ## 903  2008     1          4         5     803        805     853        900
    ## 904  2008     1          4         5     805        810    1008       1030
    ## 905  2008     1          4         5     808        815     934        912
    ## 906  2008     1          4         5     813        810    1240       1250
    ## 907  2008     1          4         5     822        825     941        947
    ## 908  2008     1          4         5     823        825     905        910
    ## 909  2008     1          4         5     823        805     906        850
    ## 910  2008     1          4         5     825        820     952       1003
    ## 911  2008     1          4         5     828        830     932       1009
    ## 912  2008     1          4         5     830        830    1151       1136
    ## 913  2008     1          4         5     832        835     942        935
    ## 914  2008     1          4         5     836        825     927        920
    ## 915  2008     1          4         5     838        840    1039       1014
    ## 916  2008     1          4         5     841        840     924        930
    ## 917  2008     1          4         5     845        840    1149       1150
    ## 918  2008     1          4         5     849        850    1314       1330
    ## 919  2008     1          4         5     849        850    1230       1235
    ## 920  2008     1          4         5     849        850    1207       1215
    ## 921  2008     1          4         5     857        900     952        955
    ## 922  2008     1          4         5     857        850    1038       1010
    ## 923  2008     1          4         5     857        900    1014       1000
    ## 924  2008     1          4         5     859        855    1112       1109
    ## 925  2008     1          4         5     859        905    1048       1100
    ## 926  2008     1          4         5     901        900     958       1000
    ## 927  2008     1          4         5     904        815    1131       1100
    ## 928  2008     1          4         5     907        915    1008       1013
    ## 929  2008     1          4         5     909        905    1417       1425
    ## 930  2008     1          4         5     915        905    1056       1055
    ## 931  2008     1          4         5     916        915    1148       1210
    ## 932  2008     1          4         5     922        850    1407       1332
    ## 933  2008     1          4         5     922        923    1111       1119
    ## 934  2008     1          4         5     923        925    1323       1325
    ## 935  2008     1          4         5     923        925    1024       1032
    ## 936  2008     1          4         5     929        915    1029       1025
    ## 937  2008     1          4         5     932        925    1027       1025
    ## 938  2008     1          4         5     938        940    1100       1125
    ## 939  2008     1          4         5     943        945    1045       1045
    ## 940  2008     1          4         5     950        955    1033       1045
    ## 941  2008     1          4         5     951        955    1139       1130
    ## 942  2008     1          4         5     951       1010    1041       1100
    ## 943  2008     1          4         5     956       1000    1038       1045
    ## 944  2008     1          4         5     957        955    1102       1052
    ## 945  2008     1          4         5    1002       1005    1226       1235
    ## 946  2008     1          4         5    1011        842    1233       1118
    ## 947  2008     1          4         5    1014       1005    1154       1140
    ## 948  2008     1          4         5    1022       1030    1338       1352
    ## 949  2008     1          4         5    1022       1004    1110       1101
    ## 950  2008     1          4         5    1026       1030    1232       1221
    ## 951  2008     1          4         5    1035       1035    1338       1343
    ## 952  2008     1          4         5    1040       1040    1146       1140
    ## 953  2008     1          4         5    1045       1050    1133       1145
    ## 954  2008     1          4         5    1047       1050    1157       1155
    ## 955  2008     1          4         5    1048       1050    1236       1240
    ## 956  2008     1          4         5    1052       1015    1541       1505
    ## 957  2008     1          4         5    1055       1100    1420       1420
    ## 958  2008     1          4         5    1056       1100    1152       1157
    ## 959  2008     1          4         5    1059       1105    1352       1349
    ## 960  2008     1          4         5    1106       1105    1144       1150
    ## 961  2008     1          4         5    1110       1110    1243       1230
    ## 962  2008     1          4         5    1111       1115    1232       1229
    ## 963  2008     1          4         5    1111       1125    1200       1220
    ## 964  2008     1          4         5    1114       1130    1255       1320
    ## 965  2008     1          4         5    1116       1120    1213       1220
    ## 966  2008     1          4         5    1120       1120    1340       1345
    ## 967  2008     1          4         5    1125       1130    1224       1230
    ## 968  2008     1          4         5    1130       1135    1215       1225
    ## 969  2008     1          4         5    1138       1115    1607       1553
    ## 970  2008     1          4         5    1140       1105    1449       1420
    ## 971  2008     1          4         5    1150       1150    1558       1535
    ## 972  2008     1          4         5    1151       1200    1331       1344
    ## 973  2008     1          4         5    1153       1205    1653       1647
    ## 974  2008     1          4         5    1157       1155    1319       1320
    ## 975  2008     1          4         5    1205       1140    1434       1415
    ## 976  2008     1          4         5    1207       1210    1400       1410
    ## 977  2008     1          4         5    1211       1210    1258       1300
    ## 978  2008     1          4         5    1219       1220    1606       1605
    ## 979  2008     1          4         5    1225       1140    1705       1630
    ## 980  2008     1          4         5    1225       1232    1331       1329
    ## 981  2008     1          4         5    1226       1230    1451       1515
    ## 982  2008     1          4         5    1229       1220    1534       1525
    ## 983  2008     1          4         5    1231       1235    1327       1335
    ## 984  2008     1          4         5    1235       1240    1312       1320
    ## 985  2008     1          4         5    1239       1225    1350       1325
    ## 986  2008     1          4         5    1241       1245    1330       1340
    ## 987  2008     1          4         5    1244       1250    1348       1350
    ## 988  2008     1          4         5    1252       1152    1702       1559
    ## 989  2008     1          4         5    1252       1300    1358       1357
    ## 990  2008     1          4         5    1302       1215    1810       1735
    ## 991  2008     1          4         5    1303       1300    1449       1500
    ## 992  2008     1          4         5    1304       1305    1742       1805
    ## 993  2008     1          4         5    1305       1315    1751       1804
    ## 994  2008     1          4         5    1309       1316    1622       1638
    ## 995  2008     1          4         5    1311       1315    1551       1600
    ## 996  2008     1          4         5    1314       1320    1627       1645
    ## 997  2008     1          4         5    1314       1314    1428       1446
    ## 998  2008     1          4         5    1320       1325    1422       1425
    ## 999  2008     1          4         5    1323       1325    1407       1415
    ## 1000 2008     1          4         5    1329       1310    1505       1508
    ## 1001 2008     1          4         5    1329       1335    1630       1649
    ## 1002 2008     1          4         5    1330       1240    1754       1720
    ## 1003 2008     1          4         5    1331       1330    1411       1415
    ## 1004 2008     1          4         5    1344       1335    1529       1530
    ## 1005 2008     1          4         5    1345       1345    1437       1445
    ## 1006 2008     1          4         5    1347       1342    1725       1725
    ## 1007 2008     1          4         5    1356       1355    1449       1445
    ## 1008 2008     1          4         5    1357       1405    1451       1500
    ## 1009 2008     1          4         5    1357       1346    1446       1439
    ## 1010 2008     1          4         5    1358       1345    1652       1645
    ## 1011 2008     1          4         5    1400       1400    1601       1555
    ## 1012 2008     1          4         5    1402       1400    1449       1450
    ## 1013 2008     1          4         5    1405       1353    1712       1658
    ## 1014 2008     1          4         5    1406       1410    1606       1625
    ## 1015 2008     1          4         5    1412       1350    1618       1615
    ## 1016 2008     1          4         5    1413       1415    1508       1515
    ## 1017 2008     1          4         5    1414       1415    1810       1815
    ## 1018 2008     1          4         5    1414       1415    1521       1515
    ## 1019 2008     1          4         5    1422       1405    1654       1650
    ## 1020 2008     1          4         5    1423       1425    1718       1744
    ## 1021 2008     1          4         5    1424       1420    1644       1710
    ## 1022 2008     1          4         5    1435       1400    1549       1515
    ## 1023 2008     1          4         5    1438       1430    1558       1547
    ## 1024 2008     1          4         5    1439       1445    1555       1607
    ## 1025 2008     1          4         5    1440       1440    1526       1530
    ## 1026 2008     1          4         5    1450       1435    1600       1550
    ## 1027 2008     1          4         5    1503       1430    1557       1524
    ## 1028 2008     1          4         5    1505       1505    1716       1650
    ## 1029 2008     1          4         5    1510       1454    1632       1634
    ## 1030 2008     1          4         5    1513       1450    1605       1545
    ## 1031 2008     1          4         5    1517       1520    1607       1620
    ## 1032 2008     1          4         5    1520       1520    1653       1654
    ## 1033 2008     1          4         5    1520       1520    1834       1829
    ## 1034 2008     1          4         5    1520       1525    1626       1625
    ## 1035 2008     1          4         5    1521       1520    1654       1655
    ## 1036 2008     1          4         5    1523       1520    1610       1610
    ## 1037 2008     1          4         5    1526       1519    1626       1624
    ## 1038 2008     1          4         5    1528       1528    1904       1900
    ## 1039 2008     1          4         5    1529       1530    1627       1640
    ## 1040 2008     1          4         5    1544       1545    1636       1640
    ## 1041 2008     1          4         5    1545       1555    1701       1723
    ## 1042 2008     1          4         5    1554       1545    1643       1640
    ## 1043 2008     1          4         5    1555       1600    1820       1840
    ## 1044 2008     1          4         5    1556       1136    2153       1701
    ## 1045 2008     1          4         5    1603       1610    1751       1800
    ## 1046 2008     1          4         5    1603       1550    1647       1635
    ## 1047 2008     1          4         5    1610       1610    1704       1705
    ## 1048 2008     1          4         5    1614       1600    1915       1910
    ## 1049 2008     1          4         5    1618       1603    1919       1907
    ## 1050 2008     1          4         5    1620       1620    1707       1710
    ## 1051 2008     1          4         5    1620       1624    1930       1940
    ## 1052 2008     1          4         5    1621       1535    1932       1850
    ## 1053 2008     1          4         5    1622       1525    2044       2005
    ## 1054 2008     1          4         5    1629       1605    1739       1705
    ## 1055 2008     1          4         5    1633       1635    1731       1740
    ## 1056 2008     1          4         5    1633       1635    1930       1937
    ## 1057 2008     1          4         5    1633       1630    1727       1730
    ## 1058 2008     1          4         5    1640       1630    1826       1820
    ## 1059 2008     1          4         5    1640       1615    1803       1754
    ## 1060 2008     1          4         5    1641       1645    1808       1828
    ## 1061 2008     1          4         5    1644       1640    1735       1735
    ## 1062 2008     1          4         5    1652       1650    2046       2048
    ## 1063 2008     1          4         5    1656       1700    1811       1805
    ## 1064 2008     1          4         5    1657       1705    1843       1905
    ## 1065 2008     1          4         5    1659       1700    2030       2015
    ## 1066 2008     1          4         5    1705       1455    1816       1612
    ## 1067 2008     1          4         5    1712       1705    1747       1745
    ## 1068 2008     1          4         5    1714       1705    1752       1755
    ## 1069 2008     1          4         5    1715       1720    2149       2205
    ## 1070 2008     1          4         5    1723       1720    1805       1810
    ## 1071 2008     1          4         5    1724       1730    1852       1904
    ## 1072 2008     1          4         5    1727       1730    1820       1825
    ## 1073 2008     1          4         5    1730       1735    1822       1835
    ## 1074 2008     1          4         5    1734       1735    1955       2015
    ## 1075 2008     1          4         5    1738       1745    1830       1840
    ## 1076 2008     1          4         5    1738       1740    2040       2030
    ## 1077 2008     1          4         5    1741       1740    1836       1835
    ## 1078 2008     1          4         5    1745       1729    2000       2005
    ## 1079 2008     1          4         5    1747       1755    1836       1902
    ## 1080 2008     1          4         5    1749       1745    1841       1840
    ## 1081 2008     1          4         5    1755       1755    2000       2005
    ## 1082 2008     1          4         5    1755       1745    2231       2225
    ## 1083 2008     1          4         5    1756       1745    2228       2227
    ## 1084 2008     1          4         5    1758       1740    1902       1850
    ## 1085 2008     1          4         5    1759       1735    2307       2255
    ## 1086 2008     1          4         5    1803       1730    2231       2213
    ## 1087 2008     1          4         5    1810       1735    2105       2155
    ## 1088 2008     1          4         5    1812       1810    1941       1910
    ## 1089 2008     1          4         5    1818       1740    2038       2010
    ## 1090 2008     1          4         5    1820       1825    1915       1924
    ## 1091 2008     1          4         5    1823       1805    1910       1905
    ## 1092 2008     1          4         5    1825       1745    1933       1850
    ## 1093 2008     1          4         5    1828       1830    1918       1925
    ## 1094 2008     1          4         5    1831       1830    1925       1925
    ## 1095 2008     1          4         5    1841       1655    1952       1816
    ## 1096 2008     1          4         5    1841       1635    2058       1900
    ## 1097 2008     1          4         5    1841       1845    1933       1945
    ## 1098 2008     1          4         5    1842       1810    1929       1900
    ## 1099 2008     1          4         5    1844       1845    2039       2000
    ## 1100 2008     1          4         5    1848       1820    2032       2005
    ## 1101 2008     1          4         5    1850       1850    1936       1935
    ## 1102 2008     1          4         5    1854       1855    2203       2204
    ## 1103 2008     1          4         5    1854       1855    2130       2139
    ## 1104 2008     1          4         5    1856       1840    2022       2011
    ## 1105 2008     1          4         5    1900       1905    1952       2000
    ## 1106 2008     1          4         5    1903       1855    2107       2120
    ## 1107 2008     1          4         5    1909       1915    2013       2015
    ## 1108 2008     1          4         5    1922       1930    2014       2020
    ## 1109 2008     1          4         5    1927       1940    2224       2228
    ## 1110 2008     1          4         5    1931       1905      23       2359
    ## 1111 2008     1          4         5    1940       1940    2327       2323
    ## 1112 2008     1          4         5    1943       1935    2032       2030
    ## 1113 2008     1          4         5    1943       1935    2146       2130
    ## 1114 2008     1          4         5    1945       1955    2157       2215
    ## 1115 2008     1          4         5    1946       1945    2020       2020
    ## 1116 2008     1          4         5    1948       1910    2030       1955
    ## 1117 2008     1          4         5    1949       1955    2050       2055
    ## 1118 2008     1          4         5    1950       1935    2041       2025
    ## 1119 2008     1          4         5    1952       1947    2112       2100
    ## 1120 2008     1          4         5    1952       1935    2041       2035
    ## 1121 2008     1          4         5    1955       1955    2115       2130
    ## 1122 2008     1          4         5    1955       1955    2318       2319
    ## 1123 2008     1          4         5    1957       1925    2049       2030
    ## 1124 2008     1          4         5    1959       1945    2256       2230
    ## 1125 2008     1          4         5    2004       1955    2342       2325
    ## 1126 2008     1          4         5    2011       1905    2249       2150
    ## 1127 2008     1          4         5    2032       2005    2118       2055
    ## 1128 2008     1          4         5    2035       2035    2335       2336
    ## 1129 2008     1          4         5    2039       2015    2341       2320
    ## 1130 2008     1          4         5    2042       2045       6       2359
    ## 1131 2008     1          4         5    2049       2035    2307       2255
    ## 1132 2008     1          4         5    2054       2050    2146       2150
    ## 1133 2008     1          4         5    2055       2055    2305       2251
    ## 1134 2008     1          4         5    2056       2050    2146       2145
    ## 1135 2008     1          4         5    2057       1916    2355       2216
    ## 1136 2008     1          4         5    2105       2105    2151       2150
    ## 1137 2008     1          4         5    2108       2025    2146       2110
    ## 1138 2008     1          4         5    2109       1915    2207       2012
    ## 1139 2008     1          4         5    2110       2045    2157       2135
    ## 1140 2008     1          4         5    2118       1920    2304       2115
    ## 1141 2008     1          4         5    2130       2135      21         20
    ## 1142 2008     1          4         5    2138       2045    2359       2310
    ## 1143 2008     1          4         5    2139       2115    2237       2212
    ## 1144 2008     1          4         5    2146       2015     211         50
    ## 1145 2008     1          4         5    2218       2135    2314       2235
    ## 1146 2008     1          4         5    2243       2240    2336       2335
    ## 1147 2008     1          4         5    2247       1920     137       2217
    ## 1148 2008     1          4         5    2251       1748    2354       1900
    ## 1149 2008     1          4         5    2305       2120      38       2256
    ## 1150 2008     1          4         5    2317       2245      16       2336
    ## 1151 2008     1          4         5      NA        920      NA       1015
    ## 1152 2008     1          4         5      NA       1550      NA       1645
    ## 1153 2008     1          4         5      NA       1430      NA       1525
    ## 1154 2008     1          4         5      NA        800      NA        855
    ## 1155 2008     1          5         6     535        540     626        633
    ## 1156 2008     1          5         6     550        600     841        835
    ## 1157 2008     1          5         6     555        600     724        729
    ## 1158 2008     1          5         6     556        600     710        700
    ## 1159 2008     1          5         6     558        600     851        909
    ## 1160 2008     1          5         6     600        605     738        750
    ## 1161 2008     1          5         6     614        620     739        735
    ## 1162 2008     1          5         6     634        640     830        825
    ## 1163 2008     1          5         6     636        646     923        922
    ## 1164 2008     1          5         6     640        645     926        932
    ## 1165 2008     1          5         6     649        650    1134       1145
    ## 1166 2008     1          5         6     653        700     839        857
    ## 1167 2008     1          5         6     655        655     805        749
    ## 1168 2008     1          5         6     656        700     843        855
    ## 1169 2008     1          5         6     657        700     753        800
    ## 1170 2008     1          5         6     658        700    1120       1133
    ## 1171 2008     1          5         6     700        700     837        821
    ## 1172 2008     1          5         6     700        705     800        805
    ## 1173 2008     1          5         6     703        700    1129       1140
    ## 1174 2008     1          5         6     713        705     736        745
    ## 1175 2008     1          5         6     718        715     826        832
    ## 1176 2008     1          5         6     718        720    1013       1024
    ## 1177 2008     1          5         6     724        728    1027       1035
    ## 1178 2008     1          5         6     728        730     826        835
    ## 1179 2008     1          5         6     729        730     843        901
    ## 1180 2008     1          5         6     734        740     831        840
    ## 1181 2008     1          5         6     738        740     846        850
    ## 1182 2008     1          5         6     741        745     841        850
    ## 1183 2008     1          5         6     745        745    1013       1030
    ## 1184 2008     1          5         6     749        750    1134       1140
    ## 1185 2008     1          5         6     750        755     909        905
    ## 1186 2008     1          5         6     752        726     900        823
    ## 1187 2008     1          5         6     754        755    1108       1125
    ## 1188 2008     1          5         6     755        755     925        924
    ## 1189 2008     1          5         6     756        800     843        855
    ## 1190 2008     1          5         6     756        800     854        900
    ## 1191 2008     1          5         6     800        800    1124       1132
    ## 1192 2008     1          5         6     803        805     858        900
    ## 1193 2008     1          5         6     803        800    1021       1010
    ## 1194 2008     1          5         6     808        810    1245       1250
    ## 1195 2008     1          5         6     809        805     853        850
    ## 1196 2008     1          5         6     810        810    1025       1030
    ## 1197 2008     1          5         6     813        842    1124       1118
    ## 1198 2008     1          5         6     818        820     945       1003
    ## 1199 2008     1          5         6     819        820     901        905
    ## 1200 2008     1          5         6     820        815     928        912
    ## 1201 2008     1          5         6     820        815    1102       1100
    ## 1202 2008     1          5         6     824        825     940        947
    ## 1203 2008     1          5         6     827        825     916        917
    ## 1204 2008     1          5         6     829        835     957        935
    ## 1205 2008     1          5         6     830        830    1134       1136
    ## 1206 2008     1          5         6     833        830    1010       1009
    ## 1207 2008     1          5         6     842        840     928        930
    ## 1208 2008     1          5         6     848        850    1011       1010
    ## 1209 2008     1          5         6     855        850    1224       1235
    ## 1210 2008     1          5         6     858        900    1008       1000
    ## 1211 2008     1          5         6     858        905    1045       1100
    ## 1212 2008     1          5         6     901        900    1002       1000
    ## 1213 2008     1          5         6     903        850    1351       1332
    ## 1214 2008     1          5         6     905        905    1114       1055
    ## 1215 2008     1          5         6     905        905    1409       1425
    ## 1216 2008     1          5         6     912        920    1007       1015
    ## 1217 2008     1          5         6     915        915    1024       1025
    ## 1218 2008     1          5         6     919        925    1008       1025
    ## 1219 2008     1          5         6     920        915    1201       1210
    ## 1220 2008     1          5         6     920        923    1130       1119
    ## 1221 2008     1          5         6     922        925    1012       1032
    ## 1222 2008     1          5         6     926        930    1135       1144
    ## 1223 2008     1          5         6     927        745    1226        943
    ## 1224 2008     1          5         6     942        945    1156       1215
    ## 1225 2008     1          5         6     942        945    1102       1045
    ## 1226 2008     1          5         6     951        940    1127       1125
    ## 1227 2008     1          5         6     953        955    1044       1051
    ## 1228 2008     1          5         6     954        955    1115       1130
    ## 1229 2008     1          5         6     955        955    1338       1355
    ## 1230 2008     1          5         6     956        955    1041       1045
    ## 1231 2008     1          5         6     959       1000    1058       1054
    ## 1232 2008     1          5         6    1000       1005    1238       1235
    ## 1233 2008     1          5         6    1001       1000    1041       1045
    ## 1234 2008     1          5         6    1007       1010    1049       1100
    ## 1235 2008     1          5         6    1018       1007    1148       1148
    ## 1236 2008     1          5         6    1020       1030    1222       1221
    ## 1237 2008     1          5         6    1030       1030    1339       1352
    ## 1238 2008     1          5         6    1037       1035    1334       1343
    ## 1239 2008     1          5         6    1043       1050    1159       1155
    ## 1240 2008     1          5         6    1047       1050    1231       1240
    ## 1241 2008     1          5         6    1053       1050    1146       1145
    ## 1242 2008     1          5         6    1053       1015    1528       1505
    ## 1243 2008     1          5         6    1102       1105    1341       1349
    ## 1244 2008     1          5         6    1104       1105    1149       1150
    ## 1245 2008     1          5         6    1105       1040    1157       1140
    ## 1246 2008     1          5         6    1109       1115    1221       1229
    ## 1247 2008     1          5         6    1109       1110    1222       1230
    ## 1248 2008     1          5         6    1111       1105    1413       1420
    ## 1249 2008     1          5         6    1113       1115    1213       1216
    ## 1250 2008     1          5         6    1120       1130    1320       1320
    ## 1251 2008     1          5         6    1122       1120    1223       1220
    ## 1252 2008     1          5         6    1122       1125    1221       1220
    ## 1253 2008     1          5         6    1129       1115    1606       1553
    ## 1254 2008     1          5         6    1136       1135    1613       1622
    ## 1255 2008     1          5         6    1138       1135    1221       1225
    ## 1256 2008     1          5         6    1143       1152    1544       1559
    ## 1257 2008     1          5         6    1147       1120    1404       1345
    ## 1258 2008     1          5         6    1156       1200    1513       1522
    ## 1259 2008     1          5         6    1156       1200    1344       1344
    ## 1260 2008     1          5         6    1156       1140    1437       1415
    ## 1261 2008     1          5         6    1159       1205    1624       1647
    ## 1262 2008     1          5         6    1201       1155    1330       1320
    ## 1263 2008     1          5         6    1202       1205    1300       1255
    ## 1264 2008     1          5         6    1206       1210    1342       1410
    ## 1265 2008     1          5         6    1220       1218    1519       1523
    ## 1266 2008     1          5         6    1220       1225    1312       1325
    ## 1267 2008     1          5         6    1227       1230    1533       1515
    ## 1268 2008     1          5         6    1229       1130    1317       1230
    ## 1269 2008     1          5         6    1234       1235    1323       1335
    ## 1270 2008     1          5         6    1240       1240    1306       1320
    ## 1271 2008     1          5         6    1240       1240    1742       1720
    ## 1272 2008     1          5         6    1241       1245    1332       1340
    ## 1273 2008     1          5         6    1242       1245    1705       1630
    ## 1274 2008     1          5         6    1251       1250    1344       1350
    ## 1275 2008     1          5         6    1305       1315    1753       1804
    ## 1276 2008     1          5         6    1310       1300    1455       1500
    ## 1277 2008     1          5         6    1313       1215    1811       1735
    ## 1278 2008     1          5         6    1314       1314    1429       1446
    ## 1279 2008     1          5         6    1314       1305    1756       1805
    ## 1280 2008     1          5         6    1322       1320    1635       1645
    ## 1281 2008     1          5         6    1324       1325    1424       1425
    ## 1282 2008     1          5         6    1329       1335    1638       1649
    ## 1283 2008     1          5         6    1330       1330    1534       1555
    ## 1284 2008     1          5         6    1330       1325    1418       1415
    ## 1285 2008     1          5         6    1330       1330    1408       1415
    ## 1286 2008     1          5         6    1344       1345    1628       1645
    ## 1287 2008     1          5         6    1344       1346    1435       1439
    ## 1288 2008     1          5         6    1352       1136    1920       1701
    ## 1289 2008     1          5         6    1354       1335    1540       1530
    ## 1290 2008     1          5         6    1355       1400    1545       1555
    ## 1291 2008     1          5         6    1403       1405    1455       1500
    ## 1292 2008     1          5         6    1407       1400    1452       1450
    ## 1293 2008     1          5         6    1407       1410    1603       1625
    ## 1294 2008     1          5         6    1412       1415    1514       1515
    ## 1295 2008     1          5         6    1416       1415    1510       1515
    ## 1296 2008     1          5         6    1417       1345    1512       1445
    ## 1297 2008     1          5         6    1422       1400    1538       1515
    ## 1298 2008     1          5         6    1426       1415    1832       1815
    ## 1299 2008     1          5         6    1433       1420    1700       1710
    ## 1300 2008     1          5         6    1434       1430    1546       1547
    ## 1301 2008     1          5         6    1434       1425    1729       1735
    ## 1302 2008     1          5         6    1436       1353    1726       1658
    ## 1303 2008     1          5         6    1440       1435    1549       1550
    ## 1304 2008     1          5         6    1442       1445    1600       1607
    ## 1305 2008     1          5         6    1446       1440    1535       1530
    ## 1306 2008     1          5         6    1449       1450    1610       1627
    ## 1307 2008     1          5         6    1452       1450    1545       1545
    ## 1308 2008     1          5         6    1500       1500    1542       1545
    ## 1309 2008     1          5         6    1509       1342    1836       1725
    ## 1310 2008     1          5         6    1510       1505    1703       1650
    ## 1311 2008     1          5         6    1512       1520    1611       1620
    ## 1312 2008     1          5         6    1521       1519    1620       1622
    ## 1313 2008     1          5         6    1526       1520    1646       1655
    ## 1314 2008     1          5         6    1528       1530    1640       1640
    ## 1315 2008     1          5         6    1535       1535    1619       1625
    ## 1316 2008     1          5         6    1544       1545    1635       1640
    ## 1317 2008     1          5         6    1545       1545    1642       1640
    ## 1318 2008     1          5         6    1550       1520    1713       1654
    ## 1319 2008     1          5         6    1554       1555    1728       1723
    ## 1320 2008     1          5         6    1556       1525    1652       1625
    ## 1321 2008     1          5         6    1557       1535    1902       1850
    ## 1322 2008     1          5         6    1605       1605    1905       1917
    ## 1323 2008     1          5         6    1605       1610    1652       1705
    ## 1324 2008     1          5         6    1607       1610    1811       1800
    ## 1325 2008     1          5         6    1610       1606    1905       1908
    ## 1326 2008     1          5         6    1613       1615    1659       1710
    ## 1327 2008     1          5         6    1614       1525    2101       2005
    ## 1328 2008     1          5         6    1616       1615    1646       1655
    ## 1329 2008     1          5         6    1616       1615    1735       1754
    ## 1330 2008     1          5         6    1620       1630    1811       1820
    ## 1331 2008     1          5         6    1620       1624    1935       1940
    ## 1332 2008     1          5         6    1626       1600    1911       1840
    ## 1333 2008     1          5         6    1626       1600    1923       1910
    ## 1334 2008     1          5         6    1628       1620    1720       1710
    ## 1335 2008     1          5         6    1629       1630    1715       1730
    ## 1336 2008     1          5         6    1632       1635    1925       1937
    ## 1337 2008     1          5         6    1639       1645    1802       1828
    ## 1338 2008     1          5         6    1644       1650    1744       1755
    ## 1339 2008     1          5         6    1645       1645    1852       1838
    ## 1340 2008     1          5         6    1656       1705    1746       1755
    ## 1341 2008     1          5         6    1659       1700    1811       1805
    ## 1342 2008     1          5         6    1701       1705    1904       1905
    ## 1343 2008     1          5         6    1714       1655      NA       1712
    ## 1344 2008     1          5         6    1722       1730    2152       2213
    ## 1345 2008     1          5         6    1725       1635    1944       1900
    ## 1346 2008     1          5         6    1726       1730    1819       1825
    ## 1347 2008     1          5         6    1729       1730    1813       1820
    ## 1348 2008     1          5         6    1733       1735    1837       1835
    ## 1349 2008     1          5         6    1735       1735    2100       2155
    ## 1350 2008     1          5         6    1736       1740    1841       1850
    ## 1351 2008     1          5         6    1737       1740    1828       1835
    ## 1352 2008     1          5         6    1753       1745    2227       2225
    ## 1353 2008     1          5         6    1753       1740    2017       2030
    ## 1354 2008     1          5         6    1756       1730    2001       1951
    ## 1355 2008     1          5         6    1804       1745    1855       1840
    ## 1356 2008     1          5         6    1809       1810    1852       1900
    ## 1357 2008     1          5         6    1814       1740    2033       2010
    ## 1358 2008     1          5         6    1816       1745    1912       1850
    ## 1359 2008     1          5         6    1820       1810    1916       1910
    ## 1360 2008     1          5         6    1827       1820    1928       1917
    ## 1361 2008     1          5         6    1836       1840    1923       1935
    ## 1362 2008     1          5         6    1843       1845    1935       1945
    ## 1363 2008     1          5         6    1845       1729    2204       2005
    ## 1364 2008     1          5         6    1847       1830    1940       1925
    ## 1365 2008     1          5         6    1852       1855    2200       2204
    ## 1366 2008     1          5         6    1903       1850    1942       1935
    ## 1367 2008     1          5         6    1921       1905    2142       2150
    ## 1368 2008     1          5         6    1926       1925    2020       2030
    ## 1369 2008     1          5         6    1928       1910    2015       1955
    ## 1370 2008     1          5         6    1937       1940    2239       2228
    ## 1371 2008     1          5         6    1945       1935    2033       2035
    ## 1372 2008     1          5         6    1946       1948    2053       2100
    ## 1373 2008     1          5         6    1947       1955    2159       2215
    ## 1374 2008     1          5         6    1951       1955    2252       2319
    ## 1375 2008     1          5         6    1955       1748    2053       1900
    ## 1376 2008     1          5         6    2003       1935    2050       2030
    ## 1377 2008     1          5         6    2005       1955    2143       2130
    ## 1378 2008     1          5         6    2024       1935    2214       2130
    ## 1379 2008     1          5         6    2028       1916    2327       2216
    ## 1380 2008     1          5         6    2036       2045    2330       2359
    ## 1381 2008     1          5         6    2110       1945    2347       2230
    ## 1382 2008     1          5         6    2112       2015     132         50
    ## 1383 2008     1          5         6    2116       2045      19       2346
    ## 1384 2008     1          5         6    2120       2120    2247       2256
    ## 1385 2008     1          5         6    2124       2115    2214       2212
    ## 1386 2008     1          5         6    2132       2135    2224       2235
    ## 1387 2008     1          5         6    2140       2150    2235       2248
    ## 1388 2008     1          5         6    2150       2015      55       2320
    ## 1389 2008     1          5         6    2235       2135     109         20
    ## 1390 2008     1          5         6    2239       1920     132       2217
    ## 1391 2008     1          5         6    2310       2300     346        341
    ## 1392 2008     1          6         7     540        545     641        640
    ## 1393 2008     1          6         7     545        550     720        726
    ## 1394 2008     1          6         7     555        600     827        835
    ## 1395 2008     1          6         7     557        600     649        700
    ## 1396 2008     1          6         7     602        600     901        909
    ## 1397 2008     1          6         7     602        605     742        750
    ## 1398 2008     1          6         7     608        610     708        715
    ## 1399 2008     1          6         7     614        620     724        735
    ## 1400 2008     1          6         7     618        630    1101       1055
    ## 1401 2008     1          6         7     626        630     820        825
    ## 1402 2008     1          6         7     633        635     859        900
    ## 1403 2008     1          6         7     635        640     832        825
    ## 1404 2008     1          6         7     637        646     948        922
    ## 1405 2008     1          6         7     640        645     940        932
    ## 1406 2008     1          6         7     646        650    1130       1145
    ## 1407 2008     1          6         7     651        655     759        749
    ## 1408 2008     1          6         7     651        700     848        857
    ## 1409 2008     1          6         7     653        700    1132       1133
    ## 1410 2008     1          6         7     656        700     804        821
    ## 1411 2008     1          6         7     705        705     735        745
    ## 1412 2008     1          6         7     706        705     757        805
    ## 1413 2008     1          6         7     713        715     818        825
    ## 1414 2008     1          6         7     716        720    1031       1024
    ## 1415 2008     1          6         7     720        715     834        832
    ## 1416 2008     1          6         7     721        730     851        901
    ## 1417 2008     1          6         7     724        725     937        955
    ## 1418 2008     1          6         7     731        740     832        840
    ## 1419 2008     1          6         7     734        735     832        835
    ## 1420 2008     1          6         7     734        728    1041       1035
    ## 1421 2008     1          6         7     736        740     821        830
    ## 1422 2008     1          6         7     744        745     908        920
    ## 1423 2008     1          6         7     745        745    1010       1030
    ## 1424 2008     1          6         7     749        755    1051       1125
    ## 1425 2008     1          6         7     751        800     856        900
    ## 1426 2008     1          6         7     752        755     913        905
    ## 1427 2008     1          6         7     753        800     846        855
    ## 1428 2008     1          6         7     805        800    1003       1010
    ## 1429 2008     1          6         7     809        810    1237       1250
    ## 1430 2008     1          6         7     810        815    1103       1100
    ## 1431 2008     1          6         7     811        810    1014       1030
    ## 1432 2008     1          6         7     811        805     857        850
    ## 1433 2008     1          6         7     814        815     927        912
    ## 1434 2008     1          6         7     815        820     943       1003
    ## 1435 2008     1          6         7     817        820     939        942
    ## 1436 2008     1          6         7     824        825     905        910
    ## 1437 2008     1          6         7     825        830    1138       1136
    ## 1438 2008     1          6         7     831        835     946        935
    ## 1439 2008     1          6         7     832        830     956       1009
    ## 1440 2008     1          6         7     839        840     923        930
    ## 1441 2008     1          6         7     842        825     943        917
    ## 1442 2008     1          6         7     845        835    1026       1017
    ## 1443 2008     1          6         7     846        850    1017       1010
    ## 1444 2008     1          6         7     847        850     954        955
    ## 1445 2008     1          6         7     848        850    1148       1206
    ## 1446 2008     1          6         7     852        840    1151       1150
    ## 1447 2008     1          6         7     856        900     945        955
    ## 1448 2008     1          6         7     857        900     951       1000
    ## 1449 2008     1          6         7     858        905    1100       1100
    ## 1450 2008     1          6         7     859        900    1034       1000
    ## 1451 2008     1          6         7     901        850    1216       1235
    ## 1452 2008     1          6         7     908        905    1409       1425
    ## 1453 2008     1          6         7     913        842    1134       1118
    ## 1454 2008     1          6         7     915        925    1005       1032
    ## 1455 2008     1          6         7     915        915    1136       1210
    ## 1456 2008     1          6         7     918        920    1009       1015
    ## 1457 2008     1          6         7     920        915    1032       1025
    ## 1458 2008     1          6         7     920        850    1350       1330
    ## 1459 2008     1          6         7     924        745    1135        943
    ## 1460 2008     1          6         7     924        925    1014       1025
    ## 1461 2008     1          6         7     925        925    1324       1325
    ## 1462 2008     1          6         7     933        923    1116       1119
    ## 1463 2008     1          6         7     945        940    1113       1125
    ## 1464 2008     1          6         7     949        945    1057       1045
    ## 1465 2008     1          6         7     953        955    1116       1130
    ## 1466 2008     1          6         7     953        850    1426       1332
    ## 1467 2008     1          6         7     955        955    1045       1045
    ## 1468 2008     1          6         7     956       1000    1049       1045
    ## 1469 2008     1          6         7    1005       1010    1100       1100
    ## 1470 2008     1          6         7    1007       1007    1118       1148
    ## 1471 2008     1          6         7    1009       1004    1107       1058
    ## 1472 2008     1          6         7    1010        955    1111       1051
    ## 1473 2008     1          6         7    1014       1015    1106       1110
    ## 1474 2008     1          6         7    1029       1030    1211       1221
    ## 1475 2008     1          6         7    1031       1015    1508       1505
    ## 1476 2008     1          6         7    1033       1035    1338       1343
    ## 1477 2008     1          6         7    1036       1040    1133       1140
    ## 1478 2008     1          6         7    1040       1040    1342       1401
    ## 1479 2008     1          6         7    1046       1050    1138       1155
    ## 1480 2008     1          6         7    1048       1050    1240       1240
    ## 1481 2008     1          6         7    1049       1050    1143       1145
    ## 1482 2008     1          6         7    1057       1100    1425       1420
    ## 1483 2008     1          6         7    1059       1105    1342       1349
    ## 1484 2008     1          6         7    1107       1105    1157       1150
    ## 1485 2008     1          6         7    1108       1100    1207       1152
    ## 1486 2008     1          6         7    1111       1110    1232       1230
    ## 1487 2008     1          6         7    1117       1105    1418       1420
    ## 1488 2008     1          6         7    1121       1125    1215       1220
    ## 1489 2008     1          6         7    1123       1115    1231       1229
    ## 1490 2008     1          6         7    1124       1120    1223       1220
    ## 1491 2008     1          6         7    1127       1130    1223       1230
    ## 1492 2008     1          6         7    1128       1130    1315       1320
    ## 1493 2008     1          6         7    1136       1135    1220       1225
    ## 1494 2008     1          6         7    1136       1120    1358       1345
    ## 1495 2008     1          6         7    1143       1150    1547       1535
    ## 1496 2008     1          6         7    1150       1140    1632       1627
    ## 1497 2008     1          6         7    1153       1155    1316       1320
    ## 1498 2008     1          6         7    1154       1200    1336       1344
    ## 1499 2008     1          6         7    1154       1140    1429       1415
    ## 1500 2008     1          6         7    1154       1205    1633       1647
    ## 1501 2008     1          6         7    1200       1152    1558       1559
    ## 1502 2008     1          6         7    1209       1130    1745       1655
    ## 1503 2008     1          6         7    1210       1210    1340       1410
    ## 1504 2008     1          6         7    1215       1210    1304       1300
    ## 1505 2008     1          6         7    1218       1218    1548       1523
    ## 1506 2008     1          6         7    1221       1220    1612       1605
    ## 1507 2008     1          6         7    1222       1215    1721       1735
    ## 1508 2008     1          6         7    1229       1230    1505       1515
    ## 1509 2008     1          6         7    1230       1115    1735       1553
    ## 1510 2008     1          6         7    1230       1235    1335       1335
    ## 1511 2008     1          6         7    1233       1225    1332       1325
    ## 1512 2008     1          6         7    1235       1232    1329       1329
    ## 1513 2008     1          6         7    1237       1240    1310       1320
    ## 1514 2008     1          6         7    1245       1245    1330       1340
    ## 1515 2008     1          6         7    1249       1250    1345       1350
    ## 1516 2008     1          6         7    1252       1300    1345       1357
    ## 1517 2008     1          6         7    1300       1240    1730       1720
    ## 1518 2008     1          6         7    1305       1315    1752       1804
    ## 1519 2008     1          6         7    1309       1315    1551       1600
    ## 1520 2008     1          6         7    1313       1314    1426       1446
    ## 1521 2008     1          6         7    1314       1316    1622       1635
    ## 1522 2008     1          6         7    1315       1300    1445       1500
    ## 1523 2008     1          6         7    1318       1310    1457       1508
    ## 1524 2008     1          6         7    1320       1320    1633       1645
    ## 1525 2008     1          6         7    1321       1325    1423       1425
    ## 1526 2008     1          6         7    1325       1325    1412       1415
    ## 1527 2008     1          6         7    1334       1335    1524       1530
    ## 1528 2008     1          6         7    1340       1330    1422       1415
    ## 1529 2008     1          6         7    1342       1346    1426       1439
    ## 1530 2008     1          6         7    1344       1345    1431       1445
    ## 1531 2008     1          6         7    1344       1335    1634       1649
    ## 1532 2008     1          6         7    1346       1345    1642       1645
    ## 1533 2008     1          6         7    1353       1350    1556       1615
    ## 1534 2008     1          6         7    1356       1400    1555       1555
    ## 1535 2008     1          6         7    1357       1405    1447       1500
    ## 1536 2008     1          6         7    1404       1405    1658       1650
    ## 1537 2008     1          6         7    1405       1342    1804       1725
    ## 1538 2008     1          6         7    1405       1410    1610       1625
    ## 1539 2008     1          6         7    1410       1415    1517       1515
    ## 1540 2008     1          6         7    1413       1415    1507       1515
    ## 1541 2008     1          6         7    1418       1355    1510       1445
    ## 1542 2008     1          6         7    1425       1430    1512       1525
    ## 1543 2008     1          6         7    1430       1415    1825       1815
    ## 1544 2008     1          6         7    1435       1445    1556       1607
    ## 1545 2008     1          6         7    1440       1420    1657       1710
    ## 1546 2008     1          6         7    1442       1440    1541       1530
    ## 1547 2008     1          6         7    1444       1400    1532       1450
    ## 1548 2008     1          6         7    1444       1425    1731       1744
    ## 1549 2008     1          6         7    1448       1430    1539       1524
    ## 1550 2008     1          6         7    1450       1450    1538       1545
    ## 1551 2008     1          6         7    1450       1435    1546       1550
    ## 1552 2008     1          6         7    1455       1430    1615       1547
    ## 1553 2008     1          6         7    1459       1305    1934       1805
    ## 1554 2008     1          6         7    1500       1353    1813       1658
    ## 1555 2008     1          6         7    1504       1400    1612       1515
    ## 1556 2008     1          6         7    1505       1505    1658       1650
    ## 1557 2008     1          6         7    1514       1519    1609       1624
    ## 1558 2008     1          6         7    1518       1520    1819       1829
    ## 1559 2008     1          6         7    1518       1520    1601       1610
    ## 1560 2008     1          6         7    1518       1520    1611       1620
    ## 1561 2008     1          6         7    1520       1520    1654       1657
    ## 1562 2008     1          6         7    1520       1520    1612       1615
    ## 1563 2008     1          6         7    1528       1528    1903       1900
    ## 1564 2008     1          6         7    1529       1525    1629       1625
    ## 1565 2008     1          6         7    1534       1535    1845       1850
    ## 1566 2008     1          6         7    1544       1545    1636       1640
    ## 1567 2008     1          6         7    1545       1550    1647       1645
    ## 1568 2008     1          6         7    1549       1455    1701       1612
    ## 1569 2008     1          6         7    1550       1530    1702       1640
    ## 1570 2008     1          6         7    1557       1525    2019       2005
    ## 1571 2008     1          6         7    1603       1610    1751       1800
    ## 1572 2008     1          6         7    1609       1610    2101       2100
    ## 1573 2008     1          6         7    1609       1600    1902       1910
    ## 1574 2008     1          6         7    1610       1555    1738       1723
    ## 1575 2008     1          6         7    1610       1606    1918       1908
    ## 1576 2008     1          6         7    1611       1520    1737       1655
    ## 1577 2008     1          6         7    1611       1550    1656       1635
    ## 1578 2008     1          6         7    1620       1624    1935       1936
    ## 1579 2008     1          6         7    1620       1615    1733       1754
    ## 1580 2008     1          6         7    1625       1630    1805       1820
    ## 1581 2008     1          6         7    1628       1620    1719       1710
    ## 1582 2008     1          6         7    1635       1635    1733       1740
    ## 1583 2008     1          6         7    1636       1630    1735       1730
    ## 1584 2008     1          6         7    1641       1640    1732       1735
    ## 1585 2008     1          6         7    1642       1645    1808       1828
    ## 1586 2008     1          6         7    1643       1650    2045       2048
    ## 1587 2008     1          6         7    1647       1600    1938       1840
    ## 1588 2008     1          6         7    1652       1655    1822       1755
    ## 1589 2008     1          6         7    1659       1635    1917       1900
    ## 1590 2008     1          6         7    1701       1700    1807       1805
    ## 1591 2008     1          6         7    1701       1705    1846       1905
    ## 1592 2008     1          6         7    1704       1635    2036       1937
    ## 1593 2008     1          6         7    1705       1705    1759       1755
    ## 1594 2008     1          6         7    1711       1610    1759       1705
    ## 1595 2008     1          6         7    1719       1705    1753       1745
    ## 1596 2008     1          6         7    1719       1730    2204       2213
    ## 1597 2008     1          6         7    1721       1720    1806       1810
    ## 1598 2008     1          6         7    1731       1735    1823       1835
    ## 1599 2008     1          6         7    1737       1745    1824       1840
    ## 1600 2008     1          6         7    1739       1740    1829       1835
    ## 1601 2008     1          6         7    1740       1740    1844       1850
    ## 1602 2008     1          6         7    1744       1655    1904       1816
    ## 1603 2008     1          6         7    1745       1735    2022       2015
    ## 1604 2008     1          6         7    1747       1745    2221       2225
    ## 1605 2008     1          6         7    1750       1745    1841       1840
    ## 1606 2008     1          6         7    1753       1735    2301       2255
    ## 1607 2008     1          6         7    1759       1745    1859       1850
    ## 1608 2008     1          6         7    1801       1740    2032       2010
    ## 1609 2008     1          6         7    1809       1755    1906       1902
    ## 1610 2008     1          6         7    1813       1730    1904       1825
    ## 1611 2008     1          6         7    1816       1748    1927       1900
    ## 1612 2008     1          6         7    1817       1823    1958       2000
    ## 1613 2008     1          6         7    1820       1810    1918       1910
    ## 1614 2008     1          6         7    1821       1820    2017       2005
    ## 1615 2008     1          6         7    1823       1825    1919       1924
    ## 1616 2008     1          6         7    1830       1830    1920       1925
    ## 1617 2008     1          6         7    1835       1755    2020       2005
    ## 1618 2008     1          6         7    1838       1810    1923       1900
    ## 1619 2008     1          6         7    1839       1729    2108       2005
    ## 1620 2008     1          6         7    1844       1840    2022       2011
    ## 1621 2008     1          6         7    1850       1855    2052       2120
    ## 1622 2008     1          6         7    1851       1855    2211       2204
    ## 1623 2008     1          6         7    1851       1850    1934       1935
    ## 1624 2008     1          6         7    1853       1905    1944       2000
    ## 1625 2008     1          6         7    1853       1805    1946       1905
    ## 1626 2008     1          6         7    1854       1855    2137       2139
    ## 1627 2008     1          6         7    1856       1745    2331       2227
    ## 1628 2008     1          6         7    1900       1830    1953       1925
    ## 1629 2008     1          6         7    1912       1915    2020       2015
    ## 1630 2008     1          6         7    1913       1845    2010       1945
    ## 1631 2008     1          6         7    1915       1930    1958       2020
    ## 1632 2008     1          6         7    1921       1910    2011       1955
    ## 1633 2008     1          6         7    1922       1905    2203       2150
    ## 1634 2008     1          6         7    1927       1915    2017       2012
    ## 1635 2008     1          6         7    1930       1935    2018       2030
    ## 1636 2008     1          6         7    1930       1735    2240       2155
    ## 1637 2008     1          6         7    1934       1935    2124       2130
    ## 1638 2008     1          6         7    1939       1935    2033       2035
    ## 1639 2008     1          6         7    1940       1905      31       2359
    ## 1640 2008     1          6         7    1945       1920    2129       2115
    ## 1641 2008     1          6         7    1946       1945    2236       2230
    ## 1642 2008     1          6         7    1950       1948    2059       2100
    ## 1643 2008     1          6         7    1950       1935    2037       2025
    ## 1644 2008     1          6         7    1953       1955    2257       2314
    ## 1645 2008     1          6         7    1953       1955    2305       2325
    ## 1646 2008     1          6         7    1954       1955    2201       2215
    ## 1647 2008     1          6         7    1959       1955    2130       2130
    ## 1648 2008     1          6         7    2005       1916    2310       2216
    ## 1649 2008     1          6         7    2009       1925    2110       2030
    ## 1650 2008     1          6         7    2010       1940    2359       2323
    ## 1651 2008     1          6         7    2013       1955    2105       2055
    ## 1652 2008     1          6         7    2020       1945    2055       2020
    ## 1653 2008     1          6         7    2021       1845    2138       2000
    ## 1654 2008     1          6         7    2032       1920    2324       2217
    ## 1655 2008     1          6         7    2037       2025    2120       2110
    ## 1656 2008     1          6         7    2038       2050    2129       2145
    ## 1657 2008     1          6         7    2045       2005    2131       2055
    ## 1658 2008     1          6         7    2045       2045    2336       2359
    ## 1659 2008     1          6         7    2052       2045    2140       2135
    ## 1660 2008     1          6         7    2055       2055    2246       2251
    ## 1661 2008     1          6         7    2059       2045       1       2346
    ## 1662 2008     1          6         7    2102       2105    2145       2150
    ## 1663 2008     1          6         7    2114       2015       6       2320
    ## 1664 2008     1          6         7    2120       2120    2310       2256
    ## 1665 2008     1          6         7    2123       2050    2214       2150
    ## 1666 2008     1          6         7    2125       2115    2233       2212
    ## 1667 2008     1          6         7    2140       2015     207         50
    ## 1668 2008     1          6         7    2144       2045       3       2310
    ## 1669 2008     1          6         7    2204       2135    2254       2235
    ## 1670 2008     1          6         7    2214       2135      57         20
    ## 1671 2008     1          6         7    2241       2245    2335       2336
    ## 1672 2008     1          6         7    2242       2240    2340       2335
    ## 1673 2008     1          6         7    2346       2346     430        425
    ## 1674 2008     1          6         7      NA       2200      NA       2301
    ## 1675 2008     1          6         7      NA       1005      NA       1235
    ## 1676 2008     1          6         7      NA       1740      NA       2030
    ## 1677 2008     1          7         1     539        540     639        635
    ## 1678 2008     1          7         1     544        545     646        640
    ## 1679 2008     1          7         1     550        550     715        722
    ## 1680 2008     1          7         1     555        600     856        909
    ## 1681 2008     1          7         1     558        600     825        835
    ## 1682 2008     1          7         1     600        600     705        700
    ## 1683 2008     1          7         1     603        605     748        750
    ## 1684 2008     1          7         1     604        610     703        715
    ## 1685 2008     1          7         1     616        620     715        735
    ## 1686 2008     1          7         1     625        620     954        952
    ## 1687 2008     1          7         1     627        630     709        715
    ## 1688 2008     1          7         1     628        630     716        725
    ## 1689 2008     1          7         1     628        630    1100       1058
    ## 1690 2008     1          7         1     629        632     849        911
    ## 1691 2008     1          7         1     634        635     852        900
    ## 1692 2008     1          7         1     634        635     719        720
    ## 1693 2008     1          7         1     639        640     830        825
    ## 1694 2008     1          7         1     645        650    1147       1145
    ## 1695 2008     1          7         1     648        650     818        825
    ## 1696 2008     1          7         1     649        650     737        740
    ## 1697 2008     1          7         1     650        700    1105       1133
    ## 1698 2008     1          7         1     652        700     809        821
    ## 1699 2008     1          7         1     655        700     838        855
    ## 1700 2008     1          7         1     657        700     856        857
    ## 1701 2008     1          7         1     701        700     916        930
    ## 1702 2008     1          7         1     701        705     757        805
    ## 1703 2008     1          7         1     709        715     824        832
    ## 1704 2008     1          7         1     710        705     758        805
    ## 1705 2008     1          7         1     722        730     847        901
    ## 1706 2008     1          7         1     724        725     756        805
    ## 1707 2008     1          7         1     724        715     832        807
    ## 1708 2008     1          7         1     725        728    1051       1035
    ## 1709 2008     1          7         1     733        735     827        835
    ## 1710 2008     1          7         1     735        740     839        850
    ## 1711 2008     1          7         1     740        745     929        941
    ## 1712 2008     1          7         1     740        740     842        840
    ## 1713 2008     1          7         1     740        740     825        830
    ## 1714 2008     1          7         1     744        720    1041       1024
    ## 1715 2008     1          7         1     746        745    1030       1030
    ## 1716 2008     1          7         1     749        655     848        800
    ## 1717 2008     1          7         1     750        755     910        905
    ## 1718 2008     1          7         1     751        755    1100       1122
    ## 1719 2008     1          7         1     755        800     901        855
    ## 1720 2008     1          7         1     803        810    1017       1030
    ## 1721 2008     1          7         1     805        805     850        850
    ## 1722 2008     1          7         1     806        805     853        900
    ## 1723 2008     1          7         1     806        810    1050       1055
    ## 1724 2008     1          7         1     807        811     916        933
    ## 1725 2008     1          7         1     808        810    1241       1250
    ## 1726 2008     1          7         1     811        820     939       1003
    ## 1727 2008     1          7         1     811        815    1118       1100
    ## 1728 2008     1          7         1     823        800    1037       1010
    ## 1729 2008     1          7         1     824        815     934        912
    ## 1730 2008     1          7         1     828        830     957       1009
    ## 1731 2008     1          7         1     830        830    1130       1136
    ## 1732 2008     1          7         1     831        835     938        935
    ## 1733 2008     1          7         1     840        835    1048       1017
    ## 1734 2008     1          7         1     844        850    1008       1010
    ## 1735 2008     1          7         1     846        840     932        930
    ## 1736 2008     1          7         1     847        850    1309       1330
    ## 1737 2008     1          7         1     855        900    1001       1000
    ## 1738 2008     1          7         1     857        905    1104       1100
    ## 1739 2008     1          7         1     858        900     947        955
    ## 1740 2008     1          7         1     859        800     951        900
    ## 1741 2008     1          7         1     900        900    1003       1000
    ## 1742 2008     1          7         1     902        840    1158       1150
    ## 1743 2008     1          7         1     903        850    1004        947
    ## 1744 2008     1          7         1     905        905    1416       1425
    ## 1745 2008     1          7         1     905        910    1226       1235
    ## 1746 2008     1          7         1     906        850    1335       1332
    ## 1747 2008     1          7         1     907        825     955        910
    ## 1748 2008     1          7         1     912        715    1015        814
    ## 1749 2008     1          7         1     913        915    1023       1025
    ## 1750 2008     1          7         1     918        915    1149       1210
    ## 1751 2008     1          7         1     919        925    1015       1032
    ## 1752 2008     1          7         1     922        830    1022        925
    ## 1753 2008     1          7         1     925        905    1115       1055
    ## 1754 2008     1          7         1     926        920    1017       1015
    ## 1755 2008     1          7         1     927        850    1247       1235
    ## 1756 2008     1          7         1     930        925    1125       1125
    ## 1757 2008     1          7         1     931        925    1323       1325
    ## 1758 2008     1          7         1     938        940    1107       1125
    ## 1759 2008     1          7         1     954        955    1136       1130
    ## 1760 2008     1          7         1     954        955    1046       1045
    ## 1761 2008     1          7         1     958       1000    1101       1057
    ## 1762 2008     1          7         1     959        925    1053       1025
    ## 1763 2008     1          7         1    1000       1005    1324       1235
    ## 1764 2008     1          7         1    1000       1010    1059       1100
    ## 1765 2008     1          7         1    1003       1000    1044       1045
    ## 1766 2008     1          7         1    1024       1030    1208       1221
    ## 1767 2008     1          7         1    1025       1007    1155       1148
    ## 1768 2008     1          7         1    1027       1015    1504       1505
    ## 1769 2008     1          7         1    1030       1035    1328       1343
    ## 1770 2008     1          7         1    1030        945    1134       1045
    ## 1771 2008     1          7         1    1043       1040    1130       1140
    ## 1772 2008     1          7         1    1047       1050    1134       1145
    ## 1773 2008     1          7         1    1051       1050    1151       1155
    ## 1774 2008     1          7         1    1052       1050    1238       1240
    ## 1775 2008     1          7         1    1052       1000    1148       1057
    ## 1776 2008     1          7         1    1057        955    1351       1245
    ## 1777 2008     1          7         1    1100       1100    1424       1420
    ## 1778 2008     1          7         1    1100       1105    1413       1349
    ## 1779 2008     1          7         1    1100       1040    1410       1401
    ## 1780 2008     1          7         1    1104       1105    1200       1202
    ## 1781 2008     1          7         1    1107       1105    1155       1150
    ## 1782 2008     1          7         1    1113       1105    1414       1420
    ## 1783 2008     1          7         1    1119       1120    1229       1220
    ## 1784 2008     1          7         1    1121       1125    1213       1220
    ## 1785 2008     1          7         1    1121       1120    1340       1345
    ## 1786 2008     1          7         1    1124       1115    1238       1229
    ## 1787 2008     1          7         1    1126       1130    1222       1230
    ## 1788 2008     1          7         1    1130       1130    1320       1320
    ## 1789 2008     1          7         1    1130        650    1216        746
    ## 1790 2008     1          7         1    1134       1135    1222       1225
    ## 1791 2008     1          7         1    1135       1110    1304       1230
    ## 1792 2008     1          7         1    1135       1135    1623       1625
    ## 1793 2008     1          7         1    1140       1115    1615       1553
    ## 1794 2008     1          7         1    1148       1151    1554       1555
    ## 1795 2008     1          7         1    1154       1155    1313       1320
    ## 1796 2008     1          7         1    1155       1205    1614       1647
    ## 1797 2008     1          7         1    1202       1055    1707       1619
    ## 1798 2008     1          7         1    1204       1205    1354       1350
    ## 1799 2008     1          7         1    1207        910    1418       1124
    ## 1800 2008     1          7         1    1208       1210    1350       1410
    ## 1801 2008     1          7         1    1217       1220    1546       1605
    ## 1802 2008     1          7         1    1218       1210    1309       1300
    ## 1803 2008     1          7         1    1224       1215    1735       1735
    ## 1804 2008     1          7         1    1231       1235    1334       1335
    ## 1805 2008     1          7         1    1233       1237    1339       1334
    ## 1806 2008     1          7         1    1233       1240    1711       1720
    ## 1807 2008     1          7         1    1234       1140    1522       1415
    ## 1808 2008     1          7         1    1237       1240    1312       1320
    ## 1809 2008     1          7         1    1237       1245    1325       1340
    ## 1810 2008     1          7         1    1238       1218    1534       1523
    ## 1811 2008     1          7         1    1247       1250    1344       1350
    ## 1812 2008     1          7         1    1248       1225    1403       1325
    ## 1813 2008     1          7         1    1259       1300    1438       1500
    ## 1814 2008     1          7         1    1306       1315    1410       1412
    ## 1815 2008     1          7         1    1309       1305    1750       1805
    ## 1816 2008     1          7         1    1310       1310    1505       1508
    ## 1817 2008     1          7         1    1313       1315    1744       1804
    ## 1818 2008     1          7         1    1319       1325    1421       1425
    ## 1819 2008     1          7         1    1319       1230    1600       1515
    ## 1820 2008     1          7         1    1322       1320    1640       1645
    ## 1821 2008     1          7         1    1322       1325    1411       1415
    ## 1822 2008     1          7         1    1328       1330    1409       1415
    ## 1823 2008     1          7         1    1329       1335    1649       1646
    ## 1824 2008     1          7         1    1330       1335    1424       1428
    ## 1825 2008     1          7         1    1338       1316    1646       1635
    ## 1826 2008     1          7         1    1340       1342    1720       1725
    ## 1827 2008     1          7         1    1345       1345    1435       1445
    ## 1828 2008     1          7         1    1346       1345    1647       1645
    ## 1829 2008     1          7         1    1348       1355    1436       1445
    ## 1830 2008     1          7         1    1351       1335    1547       1530
    ## 1831 2008     1          7         1    1355       1314    1510       1446
    ## 1832 2008     1          7         1    1357       1405    1447       1500
    ## 1833 2008     1          7         1    1400       1400    1602       1555
    ## 1834 2008     1          7         1    1400       1405    1652       1650
    ## 1835 2008     1          7         1    1401       1400    1445       1450
    ## 1836 2008     1          7         1    1408       1400    1512       1515
    ## 1837 2008     1          7         1    1409       1415    1503       1515
    ## 1838 2008     1          7         1    1410       1410    1624       1625
    ## 1839 2008     1          7         1    1413       1415    1800       1815
    ## 1840 2008     1          7         1    1414       1415    1511       1515
    ## 1841 2008     1          7         1    1417       1350    1636       1615
    ## 1842 2008     1          7         1    1417       1420    1653       1710
    ## 1843 2008     1          7         1    1417       1345    1726       1653
    ## 1844 2008     1          7         1    1420       1430    1505       1525
    ## 1845 2008     1          7         1    1427       1435    1734       1747
    ## 1846 2008     1          7         1    1434       1430    1549       1547
    ## 1847 2008     1          7         1    1438       1440    1524       1530
    ## 1848 2008     1          7         1    1439       1435    1544       1550
    ## 1849 2008     1          7         1    1439       1445    1555       1607
    ## 1850 2008     1          7         1    1442       1445    1533       1539
    ## 1851 2008     1          7         1    1445       1450    1536       1545
    ## 1852 2008     1          7         1    1448       1455    1600       1612
    ## 1853 2008     1          7         1    1451       1200    1826       1545
    ## 1854 2008     1          7         1    1458       1505    1702       1650
    ## 1855 2008     1          7         1    1500       1448    1642       1622
    ## 1856 2008     1          7         1    1515       1520    1640       1657
    ## 1857 2008     1          7         1    1515       1520    1605       1620
    ## 1858 2008     1          7         1    1518       1520    1655       1655
    ## 1859 2008     1          7         1    1520       1520    1609       1610
    ## 1860 2008     1          7         1    1525       1525    1627       1625
    ## 1861 2008     1          7         1    1528       1528    1847       1900
    ## 1862 2008     1          7         1    1531       1525    2001       2005
    ## 1863 2008     1          7         1    1532       1535    1843       1850
    ## 1864 2008     1          7         1    1541       1520    1838       1829
    ## 1865 2008     1          7         1    1541       1520    1650       1620
    ## 1866 2008     1          7         1    1542       1545    1636       1640
    ## 1867 2008     1          7         1    1544       1545    1635       1640
    ## 1868 2008     1          7         1    1546       1550    1630       1635
    ## 1869 2008     1          7         1    1548       1550    1639       1645
    ## 1870 2008     1          7         1    1551       1530    1654       1640
    ## 1871 2008     1          7         1    1600       1610    1657       1705
    ## 1872 2008     1          7         1    1608       1615    1709       1715
    ## 1873 2008     1          7         1    1613       1610    1747       1756
    ## 1874 2008     1          7         1    1615       1606    1920       1908
    ## 1875 2008     1          7         1    1621       1620    1703       1710
    ## 1876 2008     1          7         1    1624       1624    1930       1936
    ## 1877 2008     1          7         1    1626       1630    1725       1730
    ## 1878 2008     1          7         1    1627       1630    1805       1820
    ## 1879 2008     1          7         1    1633       1640    2018       2038
    ## 1880 2008     1          7         1    1634       1635    1736       1740
    ## 1881 2008     1          7         1    1637       1645    1758       1828
    ## 1882 2008     1          7         1    1640       1635    1900       1900
    ## 1883 2008     1          7         1    1644       1645    1950       1951
    ## 1884 2008     1          7         1    1648       1600    1943       1910
    ## 1885 2008     1          7         1    1652       1640    1751       1735
    ## 1886 2008     1          7         1    1655       1655    1815       1816
    ## 1887 2008     1          7         1    1658       1705    1857       1905
    ## 1888 2008     1          7         1    1700       1705    1733       1745
    ## 1889 2008     1          7         1    1703       1715    2126       2200
    ## 1890 2008     1          7         1    1706       1705    1756       1755
    ## 1891 2008     1          7         1    1718       1720    1803       1810
    ## 1892 2008     1          7         1    1720       1730    1810       1825
    ## 1893 2008     1          7         1    1720       1730    2148       2213
    ## 1894 2008     1          7         1    1720       1702    2026       2009
    ## 1895 2008     1          7         1    1726       1700    1829       1805
    ## 1896 2008     1          7         1    1733       1735    1826       1835
    ## 1897 2008     1          7         1    1735       1735    2045       2155
    ## 1898 2008     1          7         1    1735       1615    1859       1754
    ## 1899 2008     1          7         1    1737       1735    2244       2255
    ## 1900 2008     1          7         1    1738       1740    1843       1850
    ## 1901 2008     1          7         1    1739       1745    2215       2225
    ## 1902 2008     1          7         1    1740       1745    1825       1840
    ## 1903 2008     1          7         1    1741       1740    1825       1835
    ## 1904 2008     1          7         1    1741       1740    2017       2010
    ## 1905 2008     1          7         1    1744       1738    1853       1855
    ## 1906 2008     1          7         1    1757       1755    2002       2005
    ## 1907 2008     1          7         1    1805       1745    1903       1850
    ## 1908 2008     1          7         1    1805       1805    1903       1905
    ## 1909 2008     1          7         1    1806       1810    1905       1910
    ## 1910 2008     1          7         1    1816       1823    2000       2000
    ## 1911 2008     1          7         1    1817       1820    2021       2005
    ## 1912 2008     1          7         1    1819       1830    1931       1929
    ## 1913 2008     1          7         1    1830       1830    1916       1925
    ## 1914 2008     1          7         1    1836       1840    2003       2011
    ## 1915 2008     1          7         1    1840       1845    2003       2000
    ## 1916 2008     1          7         1    1841       1845    1952       1945
    ## 1917 2008     1          7         1    1844       1815    1935       1910
    ## 1918 2008     1          7         1    1848       1855    2155       2204
    ## 1919 2008     1          7         1    1850       1850    1932       1935
    ## 1920 2008     1          7         1    1857       1905    1943       2000
    ## 1921 2008     1          7         1    1857       1855    2137       2139
    ## 1922 2008     1          7         1    1907       1915    2005       2015
    ## 1923 2008     1          7         1    1909       1855    2120       2120
    ## 1924 2008     1          7         1    1910       1920    2203       2217
    ## 1925 2008     1          7         1    1916       1830    2006       1925
    ## 1926 2008     1          7         1    1917       1910    2001       1955
    ## 1927 2008     1          7         1    1918       1920    2102       2115
    ## 1928 2008     1          7         1    1919       1600    2148       1840
    ## 1929 2008     1          7         1    1921       1930    2258       2300
    ## 1930 2008     1          7         1    1923       1930    2008       2020
    ## 1931 2008     1          7         1    1924       1905       1       2359
    ## 1932 2008     1          7         1    1928       1935    2029       2035
    ## 1933 2008     1          7         1    1929       1935    2014       2025
    ## 1934 2008     1          7         1    1929       1930    2032       2027
    ## 1935 2008     1          7         1    1937       1810    2023       1900
    ## 1936 2008     1          7         1    1938       1922    2229       2226
    ## 1937 2008     1          7         1    1939       1724    2214       2003
    ## 1938 2008     1          7         1    1944       1555    2120       1723
    ## 1939 2008     1          7         1    1950       1955    2122       2130
    ## 1940 2008     1          7         1    1951       1740    2322       2030
    ## 1941 2008     1          7         1    1952       1955    2207       2215
    ## 1942 2008     1          7         1    1954       1955    2050       2055
    ## 1943 2008     1          7         1    1955       2000    2302       2251
    ## 1944 2008     1          7         1    1956       1955    2312       2314
    ## 1945 2008     1          7         1    1957       1948    2100       2100
    ## 1946 2008     1          7         1    1958       1905    2254       2150
    ## 1947 2008     1          7         1    2008       1935    2059       2030
    ## 1948 2008     1          7         1    2018       2015      39         50
    ## 1949 2008     1          7         1    2022       2025    2105       2110
    ## 1950 2008     1          7         1    2025       1945    2102       2020
    ## 1951 2008     1          7         1    2028       2015    2327       2320
    ## 1952 2008     1          7         1    2031       2005    2116       2055
    ## 1953 2008     1          7         1    2040       2045    2125       2135
    ## 1954 2008     1          7         1    2042       1925    2137       2030
    ## 1955 2008     1          7         1    2045       2050    2131       2145
    ## 1956 2008     1          7         1    2048       2045    2349       2346
    ## 1957 2008     1          7         1    2055       2055    2250       2251
    ## 1958 2008     1          7         1    2056       2045    2317       2310
    ## 1959 2008     1          7         1    2058       1745    2322       2030
    ## 1960 2008     1          7         1    2101       1915    2253       2115
    ## 1961 2008     1          7         1    2101       2045      15       2359
    ## 1962 2008     1          7         1    2107       1735    2333       2015
    ## 1963 2008     1          7         1    2110       2050    2209       2150
    ## 1964 2008     1          7         1    2113       2115    2218       2212
    ## 1965 2008     1          7         1    2120       2120    2312       2256
    ## 1966 2008     1          7         1    2126       1940     115       2323
    ## 1967 2008     1          7         1    2133       2135    2221       2235
    ## 1968 2008     1          7         1    2135       1745     215       2227
    ## 1969 2008     1          7         1    2136       1755    2228       1902
    ## 1970 2008     1          7         1    2220       2105    2305       2150
    ## 1971 2008     1          7         1    2238       2240    2333       2335
    ## 1972 2008     1          7         1    2251       2255    2343       2346
    ## 1973 2008     1          7         1    2337       2135     252         20
    ## 1974 2008     1          8         2     534        540     634        635
    ## 1975 2008     1          8         2     550        550     729        722
    ## 1976 2008     1          8         2     553        600     821        835
    ## 1977 2008     1          8         2     554        600     649        700
    ## 1978 2008     1          8         2     558        600     901        909
    ## 1979 2008     1          8         2     603        545     653        640
    ## 1980 2008     1          8         2     604        605     749        750
    ## 1981 2008     1          8         2     609        610     711        715
    ## 1982 2008     1          8         2     614        620     727        735
    ## 1983 2008     1          8         2     624        630    1107       1058
    ## 1984 2008     1          8         2     625        632     857        911
    ## 1985 2008     1          8         2     628        630     715        725
    ## 1986 2008     1          8         2     630        630     717        715
    ## 1987 2008     1          8         2     632        635     858        900
    ## 1988 2008     1          8         2     636        640     839        825
    ## 1989 2008     1          8         2     636        635     715        720
    ## 1990 2008     1          8         2     645        650     733        740
    ## 1991 2008     1          8         2     649        650     823        825
    ## 1992 2008     1          8         2     650        655     752        800
    ## 1993 2008     1          8         2     652        700     801        821
    ## 1994 2008     1          8         2     652        700    1109       1133
    ## 1995 2008     1          8         2     652        700     908        857
    ## 1996 2008     1          8         2     658        700     925        930
    ## 1997 2008     1          8         2     701        700     848        855
    ## 1998 2008     1          8         2     702        650     807        746
    ## 1999 2008     1          8         2     704        705     801        805
    ## 2000 2008     1          8         2     705        715     821        832
    ## 2001 2008     1          8         2     706        705     801        805
    ## 2002 2008     1          8         2     709        715     810        814
    ## 2003 2008     1          8         2     709        715     809        807
    ## 2004 2008     1          8         2     716        720    1044       1024
    ## 2005 2008     1          8         2     718        728    1013       1035
    ## 2006 2008     1          8         2     720        730     845        901
    ## 2007 2008     1          8         2     722        725     758        805
    ## 2008 2008     1          8         2     722        650    1221       1145
    ## 2009 2008     1          8         2     730        735     823        835
    ## 2010 2008     1          8         2     737        740     843        850
    ## 2011 2008     1          8         2     737        740     836        840
    ## 2012 2008     1          8         2     740        740     831        830
    ## 2013 2008     1          8         2     741        745    1023       1030
    ## 2014 2008     1          8         2     743        745     949        941
    ## 2015 2008     1          8         2     752        800     858        855
    ## 2016 2008     1          8         2     757        800    1000       1010
    ## 2017 2008     1          8         2     803        805     850        900
    ## 2018 2008     1          8         2     803        800     909        900
    ## 2019 2008     1          8         2     804        811     926        933
    ## 2020 2008     1          8         2     805        810    1236       1250
    ## 2021 2008     1          8         2     807        810    1021       1030
    ## 2022 2008     1          8         2     812        805     856        850
    ## 2023 2008     1          8         2     813        820     947       1003
    ## 2024 2008     1          8         2     816        755    1145       1122
    ## 2025 2008     1          8         2     818        815    1127       1100
    ## 2026 2008     1          8         2     824        825     910        910
    ## 2027 2008     1          8         2     826        830     955       1009
    ## 2028 2008     1          8         2     829        830     921        925
    ## 2029 2008     1          8         2     830        840     910        937
    ## 2030 2008     1          8         2     831        835     926        935
    ## 2031 2008     1          8         2     832        830    1135       1136
    ## 2032 2008     1          8         2     836        835    1015       1017
    ## 2033 2008     1          8         2     841        840     936        930
    ## 2034 2008     1          8         2     841        850    1226       1235
    ## 2035 2008     1          8         2     843        755     946        905
    ## 2036 2008     1          8         2     843        850    1324       1330
    ## 2037 2008     1          8         2     846        850    1014       1010
    ## 2038 2008     1          8         2     850        840    1200       1150
    ## 2039 2008     1          8         2     856        900     949       1000
    ## 2040 2008     1          8         2     859        900     945        955
    ## 2041 2008     1          8         2     859        850    1338       1332
    ## 2042 2008     1          8         2     902        900    1007       1000
    ## 2043 2008     1          8         2     903        910    1235       1235
    ## 2044 2008     1          8         2     906        910    1136       1124
    ## 2045 2008     1          8         2     908        905    1420       1425
    ## 2046 2008     1          8         2     915        905    1102       1055
    ## 2047 2008     1          8         2     915        905    1115       1100
    ## 2048 2008     1          8         2     918        920    1015       1015
    ## 2049 2008     1          8         2     919        915    1024       1025
    ## 2050 2008     1          8         2     920        925    1027       1025
    ## 2051 2008     1          8         2     922        925    1115       1125
    ## 2052 2008     1          8         2     925        925    1316       1325
    ## 2053 2008     1          8         2     927        925    1031       1032
    ## 2054 2008     1          8         2     929        915    1158       1210
    ## 2055 2008     1          8         2     943        940    1117       1125
    ## 2056 2008     1          8         2     950        945    1049       1045
    ## 2057 2008     1          8         2     957        955    1134       1130
    ## 2058 2008     1          8         2     958       1000    1043       1045
    ## 2059 2008     1          8         2     959        955    1241       1245
    ## 2060 2008     1          8         2     959       1010    1052       1100
    ## 2061 2008     1          8         2    1000       1005    1241       1235
    ## 2062 2008     1          8         2    1001        955    1056       1045
    ## 2063 2008     1          8         2    1008       1007    1146       1148
    ## 2064 2008     1          8         2    1022       1015    1505       1505
    ## 2065 2008     1          8         2    1024       1030    1215       1221
    ## 2066 2008     1          8         2    1035       1035    1334       1343
    ## 2067 2008     1          8         2    1035       1040    1348       1401
    ## 2068 2008     1          8         2    1038       1040    1128       1140
    ## 2069 2008     1          8         2    1047       1050    1150       1155
    ## 2070 2008     1          8         2    1048       1055    1612       1619
    ## 2071 2008     1          8         2    1050       1050    1241       1240
    ## 2072 2008     1          8         2    1052       1050    1139       1145
    ## 2073 2008     1          8         2    1055       1100    1422       1420
    ## 2074 2008     1          8         2    1058       1105    1400       1349
    ## 2075 2008     1          8         2    1105       1105    1402       1420
    ## 2076 2008     1          8         2    1110       1115    1224       1229
    ## 2077 2008     1          8         2    1111       1105    1158       1150
    ## 2078 2008     1          8         2    1112       1110    1235       1230
    ## 2079 2008     1          8         2    1117       1125    1209       1220
    ## 2080 2008     1          8         2    1117       1120    1334       1345
    ## 2081 2008     1          8         2    1124       1120    1227       1220
    ## 2082 2008     1          8         2    1124       1130    1224       1230
    ## 2083 2008     1          8         2    1125       1135    1615       1625
    ## 2084 2008     1          8         2    1130       1115    1618       1553
    ## 2085 2008     1          8         2    1135       1130    1318       1320
    ## 2086 2008     1          8         2    1139       1135    1226       1225
    ## 2087 2008     1          8         2    1147       1151    1543       1555
    ## 2088 2008     1          8         2    1152       1155    1304       1320
    ## 2089 2008     1          8         2    1159       1140    1513       1415
    ## 2090 2008     1          8         2    1202       1205    1356       1350
    ## 2091 2008     1          8         2    1205       1200    1616       1545
    ## 2092 2008     1          8         2    1209       1210    1412       1410
    ## 2093 2008     1          8         2    1217       1218    1515       1523
    ## 2094 2008     1          8         2    1217       1220    1550       1605
    ## 2095 2008     1          8         2    1217       1205    1639       1647
    ## 2096 2008     1          8         2    1220       1210    1315       1300
    ## 2097 2008     1          8         2    1220       1215    1736       1735
    ## 2098 2008     1          8         2    1226       1237    1323       1334
    ## 2099 2008     1          8         2    1230       1230    1536       1515
    ## 2100 2008     1          8         2    1233       1240    1704       1720
    ## 2101 2008     1          8         2    1233       1235    1329       1335
    ## 2102 2008     1          8         2    1240       1240    1315       1320
    ## 2103 2008     1          8         2    1240       1245    1328       1340
    ## 2104 2008     1          8         2    1249       1250    1349       1350
    ## 2105 2008     1          8         2    1250       1225    1347       1325
    ## 2106 2008     1          8         2    1303       1300    1448       1500
    ## 2107 2008     1          8         2    1305       1315    1805       1804
    ## 2108 2008     1          8         2    1311       1315    1417       1412
    ## 2109 2008     1          8         2    1321       1320    1637       1645
    ## 2110 2008     1          8         2    1321       1325    1415       1425
    ## 2111 2008     1          8         2    1321       1325    1409       1415
    ## 2112 2008     1          8         2    1330       1335    1642       1646
    ## 2113 2008     1          8         2    1332       1330    1413       1415
    ## 2114 2008     1          8         2    1332       1335    1425       1428
    ## 2115 2008     1          8         2    1333       1335    1532       1530
    ## 2116 2008     1          8         2    1337       1305    1827       1805
    ## 2117 2008     1          8         2    1341       1314    1505       1446
    ## 2118 2008     1          8         2    1343       1342    1726       1725
    ## 2119 2008     1          8         2    1344       1345    1634       1653
    ## 2120 2008     1          8         2    1345       1345    1637       1645
    ## 2121 2008     1          8         2    1345       1345    1445       1445
    ## 2122 2008     1          8         2    1353       1355    1448       1445
    ## 2123 2008     1          8         2    1358       1400    1555       1555
    ## 2124 2008     1          8         2    1400       1405    1450       1500
    ## 2125 2008     1          8         2    1403       1400    1503       1450
    ## 2126 2008     1          8         2    1405       1405    1704       1650
    ## 2127 2008     1          8         2    1405       1410    1622       1625
    ## 2128 2008     1          8         2    1406       1400    1517       1515
    ## 2129 2008     1          8         2    1412       1415    1506       1515
    ## 2130 2008     1          8         2    1413       1350    1628       1615
    ## 2131 2008     1          8         2    1414       1415    1509       1515
    ## 2132 2008     1          8         2    1423       1420    1652       1710
    ## 2133 2008     1          8         2    1423       1430    1522       1525
    ## 2134 2008     1          8         2    1424       1430    1550       1547
    ## 2135 2008     1          8         2    1430       1435    1732       1747
    ## 2136 2008     1          8         2    1438       1435    1553       1550
    ## 2137 2008     1          8         2    1439       1440    1556       1530
    ## 2138 2008     1          8         2    1441       1445    1601       1607
    ## 2139 2008     1          8         2    1445       1455    1551       1612
    ## 2140 2008     1          8         2    1446       1448    1610       1622
    ## 2141 2008     1          8         2    1447       1450    1542       1545
    ## 2142 2008     1          8         2    1449       1445    1555       1539
    ## 2143 2008     1          8         2    1500       1415    1851       1815
    ## 2144 2008     1          8         2    1500       1505    1700       1650
    ## 2145 2008     1          8         2    1511       1520    1618       1620
    ## 2146 2008     1          8         2    1515       1316    1818       1635
    ## 2147 2008     1          8         2    1517       1520    1604       1610
    ## 2148 2008     1          8         2    1519       1520    1648       1657
    ## 2149 2008     1          8         2    1526       1530    1626       1640
    ## 2150 2008     1          8         2    1527       1520    1627       1620
    ## 2151 2008     1          8         2    1528       1528    1903       1900
    ## 2152 2008     1          8         2    1529       1525    1959       2005
    ## 2153 2008     1          8         2    1531       1520    1656       1655
    ## 2154 2008     1          8         2    1533       1535    1846       1850
    ## 2155 2008     1          8         2    1535       1525    1628       1625
    ## 2156 2008     1          8         2    1537       1520    1846       1829
    ## 2157 2008     1          8         2    1540       1555    1702       1723
    ## 2158 2008     1          8         2    1545       1545    1633       1640
    ## 2159 2008     1          8         2    1547       1550    1641       1645
    ## 2160 2008     1          8         2    1548       1545    1706       1640
    ## 2161 2008     1          8         2    1554       1550    1638       1635
    ## 2162 2008     1          8         2    1602       1606    1906       1908
    ## 2163 2008     1          8         2    1602       1610    1652       1705
    ## 2164 2008     1          8         2    1604       1610    1805       1756
    ## 2165 2008     1          8         2    1606       1600    1907       1910
    ## 2166 2008     1          8         2    1617       1615    1735       1754
    ## 2167 2008     1          8         2    1624       1624    1936       1936
    ## 2168 2008     1          8         2    1625       1630    1815       1820
    ## 2169 2008     1          8         2    1626       1630    1727       1730
    ## 2170 2008     1          8         2    1630       1620    1758       1720
    ## 2171 2008     1          8         2    1631       1640    2010       2038
    ## 2172 2008     1          8         2    1631       1635    1857       1900
    ## 2173 2008     1          8         2    1633       1635    1731       1740
    ## 2174 2008     1          8         2    1635       1620    1722       1710
    ## 2175 2008     1          8         2    1635       1645    1803       1828
    ## 2176 2008     1          8         2    1641       1645    1945       1951
    ## 2177 2008     1          8         2    1646       1655    1752       1816
    ## 2178 2008     1          8         2    1649       1640    1740       1735
    ## 2179 2008     1          8         2    1658       1705    1757       1755
    ## 2180 2008     1          8         2    1702       1705    1854       1905
    ## 2181 2008     1          8         2    1709       1705    1738       1745
    ## 2182 2008     1          8         2    1715       1700    1811       1805
    ## 2183 2008     1          8         2    1716       1702    2025       2009
    ## 2184 2008     1          8         2    1723       1730    1816       1825
    ## 2185 2008     1          8         2    1723       1730    2144       2213
    ## 2186 2008     1          8         2    1729       1738    1842       1855
    ## 2187 2008     1          8         2    1731       1735    1831       1835
    ## 2188 2008     1          8         2    1731       1735    2242       2255
    ## 2189 2008     1          8         2    1733       1720    1820       1810
    ## 2190 2008     1          8         2    1735       1740    1953       2010
    ## 2191 2008     1          8         2    1738       1745    2211       2227
    ## 2192 2008     1          8         2    1739       1740    1841       1850
    ## 2193 2008     1          8         2    1740       1745    2016       2030
    ## 2194 2008     1          8         2    1741       1740    1827       1835
    ## 2195 2008     1          8         2    1741       1745    1833       1840
    ## 2196 2008     1          8         2    1742       1745    2213       2225
    ## 2197 2008     1          8         2    1745       1755    1843       1902
    ## 2198 2008     1          8         2    1745       1735    2100       2155
    ## 2199 2008     1          8         2    1804       1810    1902       1910
    ## 2200 2008     1          8         2    1804       1805    1859       1905
    ## 2201 2008     1          8         2    1811       1810    1901       1900
    ## 2202 2008     1          8         2    1812       1815    1917       1910
    ## 2203 2008     1          8         2    1814       1820    2013       2005
    ## 2204 2008     1          8         2    1821       1600    2124       1840
    ## 2205 2008     1          8         2    1824       1830    1923       1929
    ## 2206 2008     1          8         2    1831       1745    1936       1850
    ## 2207 2008     1          8         2    1834       1740    2120       2030
    ## 2208 2008     1          8         2    1834       1840    2002       2011
    ## 2209 2008     1          8         2    1836       1830    1927       1925
    ## 2210 2008     1          8         2    1845       1855    2125       2139
    ## 2211 2008     1          8         2    1846       1855    2155       2204
    ## 2212 2008     1          8         2    1846       1830    1946       1925
    ## 2213 2008     1          8         2    1849       1725    2017       1902
    ## 2214 2008     1          8         2    1851       1850    1932       1935
    ## 2215 2008     1          8         2    1854       1845    1951       1945
    ## 2216 2008     1          8         2    1900       1905    1946       2000
    ## 2217 2008     1          8         2    1900       1855    2120       2120
    ## 2218 2008     1          8         2    1900       1905       2       2359
    ## 2219 2008     1          8         2    1901       1905    2128       2150
    ## 2220 2008     1          8         2    1910       1845    2021       2000
    ## 2221 2008     1          8         2    1910       1915    2003       2015
    ## 2222 2008     1          8         2    1915       1915    2107       2115
    ## 2223 2008     1          8         2    1918       1920    2114       2115
    ## 2224 2008     1          8         2    1924       1925    2022       2030
    ## 2225 2008     1          8         2    1925       1930    2014       2020
    ## 2226 2008     1          8         2    1929       1930    2052       2027
    ## 2227 2008     1          8         2    1931       1920    2228       2217
    ## 2228 2008     1          8         2    1932       1935    2029       2035
    ## 2229 2008     1          8         2    1933       1935    2022       2030
    ## 2230 2008     1          8         2    1938       1948    2055       2100
    ## 2231 2008     1          8         2    1947       1955    2050       2055
    ## 2232 2008     1          8         2    1949       1910    2032       1955
    ## 2233 2008     1          8         2    1950       1955    2120       2130
    ## 2234 2008     1          8         2    1953       1935    2041       2025
    ## 2235 2008     1          8         2    1954       1955    2240       2215
    ## 2236 2008     1          8         2    1959       1724    2242       2003
    ## 2237 2008     1          8         2    2002       1945    2031       2020
    ## 2238 2008     1          8         2    2013       2000    2252       2251
    ## 2239 2008     1          8         2    2013       1922    2309       2226
    ## 2240 2008     1          8         2    2016       2015    2316       2320
    ## 2241 2008     1          8         2    2019       2015      48         50
    ## 2242 2008     1          8         2    2019       1955    2319       2314
    ## 2243 2008     1          8         2    2024       2025    2101       2110
    ## 2244 2008     1          8         2    2042       2045    2301       2310
    ## 2245 2008     1          8         2    2042       2045    2348       2359
    ## 2246 2008     1          8         2    2045       2045    2338       2346
    ## 2247 2008     1          8         2    2050       2050    2147       2145
    ## 2248 2008     1          8         2    2050       2050    2149       2150
    ## 2249 2008     1          8         2    2055       2045    2142       2135
    ## 2250 2008     1          8         2    2055       2055    2253       2251
    ## 2251 2008     1          8         2    2102       2105    2140       2150
    ## 2252 2008     1          8         2    2110       2115    2225       2212
    ## 2253 2008     1          8         2    2120       2120    2255       2256
    ## 2254 2008     1          8         2    2126       2005    2209       2055
    ## 2255 2008     1          8         2    2133       2135    2232       2235
    ## 2256 2008     1          8         2    2237       2240    2331       2335
    ## 2257 2008     1          8         2    2301       2255    2345       2346
    ## 2258 2008     1          8         2    2340       2135     210         20
    ## 2259 2008     1          8         2      NA       1735      NA       2015
    ## 2260 2008     1          9         3     537        540     637        635
    ## 2261 2008     1          9         3     543        545     641        640
    ## 2262 2008     1          9         3     550        550     713        722
    ## 2263 2008     1          9         3     555        600     829        835
    ## 2264 2008     1          9         3     557        600     657        700
    ## 2265 2008     1          9         3     558        600     908        909
    ## 2266 2008     1          9         3     600        605     746        750
    ## 2267 2008     1          9         3     604        610     703        715
    ## 2268 2008     1          9         3     612        620     723        735
    ## 2269 2008     1          9         3     622        620    1000        952
    ## 2270 2008     1          9         3     624        630    1100       1058
    ## 2271 2008     1          9         3     626        630     708        715
    ## 2272 2008     1          9         3     629        630     720        725
    ## 2273 2008     1          9         3     629        632     904        911
    ## 2274 2008     1          9         3     631        635     711        720
    ## 2275 2008     1          9         3     634        635     854        900
    ## 2276 2008     1          9         3     635        640     813        825
    ## 2277 2008     1          9         3     642        650     740        746
    ## 2278 2008     1          9         3     647        650     813        825
    ## 2279 2008     1          9         3     648        650    1143       1145
    ## 2280 2008     1          9         3     650        650     751        740
    ## 2281 2008     1          9         3     651        700    1121       1133
    ## 2282 2008     1          9         3     652        700     843        857
    ## 2283 2008     1          9         3     653        655     753        800
    ## 2284 2008     1          9         3     656        700     923        930
    ## 2285 2008     1          9         3     700        700     853        855
    ## 2286 2008     1          9         3     701        705     805        805
    ## 2287 2008     1          9         3     703        705     753        805
    ## 2288 2008     1          9         3     705        700     810        821
    ## 2289 2008     1          9         3     706        715     822        832
    ## 2290 2008     1          9         3     710        715     807        807
    ## 2291 2008     1          9         3     711        715     818        814
    ## 2292 2008     1          9         3     714        720    1015       1024
    ## 2293 2008     1          9         3     724        725     752        805
    ## 2294 2008     1          9         3     725        730     858        901
    ## 2295 2008     1          9         3     726        728    1030       1035
    ## 2296 2008     1          9         3     732        735     826        835
    ## 2297 2008     1          9         3     733        740     835        850
    ## 2298 2008     1          9         3     733        745     924        941
    ## 2299 2008     1          9         3     735        740     834        840
    ## 2300 2008     1          9         3     740        740     826        830
    ## 2301 2008     1          9         3     744        745    1013       1030
    ## 2302 2008     1          9         3     748        800     833        855
    ## 2303 2008     1          9         3     752        755     903        905
    ## 2304 2008     1          9         3     752        800     847        900
    ## 2305 2008     1          9         3     756        800    1000       1010
    ## 2306 2008     1          9         3     803        811     928        933
    ## 2307 2008     1          9         3     804        810    1011       1030
    ## 2308 2008     1          9         3     806        810    1235       1250
    ## 2309 2008     1          9         3     811        805     900        900
    ## 2310 2008     1          9         3     812        815    1044       1100
    ## 2311 2008     1          9         3     814        755    1154       1122
    ## 2312 2008     1          9         3     816        820     941       1003
    ## 2313 2008     1          9         3     818        825     902        910
    ## 2314 2008     1          9         3     824        830     910        925
    ## 2315 2008     1          9         3     825        830    1138       1136
    ## 2316 2008     1          9         3     829        835    1016       1017
    ## 2317 2008     1          9         3     829        830     945       1009
    ## 2318 2008     1          9         3     831        835     934        935
    ## 2319 2008     1          9         3     840        840     921        930
    ## 2320 2008     1          9         3     843        805     926        850
    ## 2321 2008     1          9         3     847        850    1005       1010
    ## 2322 2008     1          9         3     847        850    1325       1332
    ## 2323 2008     1          9         3     850        850    1321       1330
    ## 2324 2008     1          9         3     852        850    1234       1235
    ## 2325 2008     1          9         3     855        840    1152       1150
    ## 2326 2008     1          9         3     858        900     958       1000
    ## 2327 2008     1          9         3     858        900    1001       1000
    ## 2328 2008     1          9         3     859        900     949        955
    ## 2329 2008     1          9         3     903        905    1409       1425
    ## 2330 2008     1          9         3     905        905    1045       1055
    ## 2331 2008     1          9         3     906        910    1114       1124
    ## 2332 2008     1          9         3     906        905    1055       1100
    ## 2333 2008     1          9         3     909        910    1227       1235
    ## 2334 2008     1          9         3     913        920    1003       1015
    ## 2335 2008     1          9         3     918        925    1014       1032
    ## 2336 2008     1          9         3     918        925    1007       1025
    ## 2337 2008     1          9         3     920        915    1200       1210
    ## 2338 2008     1          9         3     922        925    1321       1325
    ## 2339 2008     1          9         3     924        925    1128       1125
    ## 2340 2008     1          9         3     937        940    1109       1125
    ## 2341 2008     1          9         3     940        945    1049       1045
    ## 2342 2008     1          9         3     945        915    1045       1025
    ## 2343 2008     1          9         3     949        955    1227       1245
    ## 2344 2008     1          9         3     953        955    1119       1130
    ## 2345 2008     1          9         3     954        955    1039       1045
    ## 2346 2008     1          9         3     955       1005    1226       1235
    ## 2347 2008     1          9         3     959       1010    1102       1107
    ## 2348 2008     1          9         3    1003       1010    1049       1100
    ## 2349 2008     1          9         3    1015       1015    1502       1505
    ## 2350 2008     1          9         3    1024       1030    1209       1221
    ## 2351 2008     1          9         3    1031       1007    1150       1148
    ## 2352 2008     1          9         3    1035       1035    1340       1343
    ## 2353 2008     1          9         3    1039       1040    1124       1140
    ## 2354 2008     1          9         3    1044       1050    1141       1155
    ## 2355 2008     1          9         3    1044       1040    1401       1401
    ## 2356 2008     1          9         3    1048       1050    1235       1240
    ## 2357 2008     1          9         3    1050       1050    1138       1145
    ## 2358 2008     1          9         3    1057       1105    1331       1349
    ## 2359 2008     1          9         3    1058       1110    1216       1230
    ## 2360 2008     1          9         3    1104       1105    1408       1420
    ## 2361 2008     1          9         3    1107       1115    1215       1229
    ## 2362 2008     1          9         3    1110       1115    1540       1553
    ## 2363 2008     1          9         3    1110       1100    1445       1420
    ## 2364 2008     1          9         3    1112       1000    1151       1045
    ## 2365 2008     1          9         3    1116       1120    1337       1345
    ## 2366 2008     1          9         3    1119       1120    1218       1220
    ## 2367 2008     1          9         3    1120       1130    1311       1320
    ## 2368 2008     1          9         3    1120       1125    1215       1220
    ## 2369 2008     1          9         3    1125       1130    1216       1230
    ## 2370 2008     1          9         3    1130       1135    1213       1225
    ## 2371 2008     1          9         3    1134       1140    1409       1415
    ## 2372 2008     1          9         3    1146       1151    1556       1555
    ## 2373 2008     1          9         3    1148       1055    1654       1619
    ## 2374 2008     1          9         3    1150       1200    1535       1545
    ## 2375 2008     1          9         3    1200       1205    1332       1350
    ## 2376 2008     1          9         3    1204       1105    1243       1150
    ## 2377 2008     1          9         3    1205       1155    1314       1320
    ## 2378 2008     1          9         3    1206       1210    1344       1410
    ## 2379 2008     1          9         3    1210       1210    1303       1300
    ## 2380 2008     1          9         3    1211       1215    1723       1735
    ## 2381 2008     1          9         3    1218       1220    1552       1605
    ## 2382 2008     1          9         3    1221       1218    1529       1523
    ## 2383 2008     1          9         3    1223       1205    1651       1647
    ## 2384 2008     1          9         3    1224       1225    1329       1325
    ## 2385 2008     1          9         3    1227       1230    1515       1515
    ## 2386 2008     1          9         3    1228       1237    1327       1334
    ## 2387 2008     1          9         3    1239       1240    1312       1320
    ## 2388 2008     1          9         3    1240       1245    1327       1340
    ## 2389 2008     1          9         3    1243       1235    1335       1335
    ## 2390 2008     1          9         3    1244       1240    1717       1720
    ## 2391 2008     1          9         3    1250       1250    1348       1350
    ## 2392 2008     1          9         3    1255       1135    1755       1625
    ## 2393 2008     1          9         3    1302       1305    1750       1805
    ## 2394 2008     1          9         3    1303       1300    1447       1500
    ## 2395 2008     1          9         3    1308       1310    1450       1508
    ## 2396 2008     1          9         3    1313       1315    1406       1412
    ## 2397 2008     1          9         3    1315       1316    1619       1635
    ## 2398 2008     1          9         3    1318       1320    1631       1645
    ## 2399 2008     1          9         3    1320       1325    1418       1425
    ## 2400 2008     1          9         3    1320       1314    1431       1446
    ## 2401 2008     1          9         3    1323       1315    1755       1804
    ## 2402 2008     1          9         3    1323       1325    1407       1415
    ## 2403 2008     1          9         3    1329       1330    1411       1415
    ## 2404 2008     1          9         3    1331       1335    1626       1646
    ## 2405 2008     1          9         3    1332       1335    1518       1530
    ## 2406 2008     1          9         3    1334       1335    1425       1428
    ## 2407 2008     1          9         3    1340       1345    1429       1445
    ## 2408 2008     1          9         3    1343       1345    1714       1653
    ## 2409 2008     1          9         3    1351       1400    1544       1555
    ## 2410 2008     1          9         3    1352       1345    1702       1645
    ## 2411 2008     1          9         3    1353       1355    1441       1445
    ## 2412 2008     1          9         3    1354       1400    1507       1515
    ## 2413 2008     1          9         3    1401       1342    1741       1725
    ## 2414 2008     1          9         3    1402       1405    1639       1650
    ## 2415 2008     1          9         3    1407       1400    1454       1450
    ## 2416 2008     1          9         3    1408       1410    1613       1625
    ## 2417 2008     1          9         3    1410       1350      NA       1615
    ## 2418 2008     1          9         3    1410       1415    1507       1515
    ## 2419 2008     1          9         3    1411       1415    1513       1515
    ## 2420 2008     1          9         3    1413       1415    1803       1815
    ## 2421 2008     1          9         3    1420       1430    1504       1525
    ## 2422 2008     1          9         3    1425       1430    1534       1547
    ## 2423 2008     1          9         3    1436       1435    1542       1550
    ## 2424 2008     1          9         3    1436       1420    1703       1710
    ## 2425 2008     1          9         3    1437       1445    1550       1607
    ## 2426 2008     1          9         3    1445       1445    1534       1539
    ## 2427 2008     1          9         3    1448       1448    1609       1622
    ## 2428 2008     1          9         3    1449       1405    1547       1500
    ## 2429 2008     1          9         3    1450       1455    1605       1612
    ## 2430 2008     1          9         3    1451       1450    1542       1545
    ## 2431 2008     1          9         3    1453       1435    1803       1747
    ## 2432 2008     1          9         3    1505       1505    1655       1650
    ## 2433 2008     1          9         3    1511       1520    1558       1620
    ## 2434 2008     1          9         3    1516       1520    1649       1657
    ## 2435 2008     1          9         3    1516       1520    1832       1829
    ## 2436 2008     1          9         3    1516       1520    1606       1620
    ## 2437 2008     1          9         3    1520       1520    1610       1610
    ## 2438 2008     1          9         3    1522       1520    1655       1655
    ## 2439 2008     1          9         3    1525       1530    1625       1640
    ## 2440 2008     1          9         3    1525       1525    1630       1625
    ## 2441 2008     1          9         3    1528       1528    1849       1900
    ## 2442 2008     1          9         3    1533       1535    1837       1850
    ## 2443 2008     1          9         3    1535       1440    1620       1530
    ## 2444 2008     1          9         3    1545       1550    1634       1645
    ## 2445 2008     1          9         3    1545       1555    1713       1723
    ## 2446 2008     1          9         3    1545       1545    1634       1640
    ## 2447 2008     1          9         3    1548       1545    1638       1640
    ## 2448 2008     1          9         3    1550       1550    1629       1635
    ## 2449 2008     1          9         3    1555       1600    1842       1840
    ## 2450 2008     1          9         3    1601       1600    1900       1910
    ## 2451 2008     1          9         3    1605       1610    1740       1756
    ## 2452 2008     1          9         3    1605       1610    1701       1705
    ## 2453 2008     1          9         3    1616       1606    1934       1908
    ## 2454 2008     1          9         3    1617       1625    1705       1725
    ## 2455 2008     1          9         3    1618       1630    1805       1820
    ## 2456 2008     1          9         3    1621       1615    1734       1754
    ## 2457 2008     1          9         3    1622       1620    1710       1710
    ## 2458 2008     1          9         3    1624       1624    1920       1936
    ## 2459 2008     1          9         3    1630       1640    2032       2038
    ## 2460 2008     1          9         3    1632       1635    1731       1740
    ## 2461 2008     1          9         3    1633       1630    1725       1730
    ## 2462 2008     1          9         3    1638       1645    1759       1828
    ## 2463 2008     1          9         3    1641       1635    1902       1900
    ## 2464 2008     1          9         3    1652       1645    2027       1951
    ## 2465 2008     1          9         3    1654       1655    1759       1816
    ## 2466 2008     1          9         3    1656       1640    1745       1735
    ## 2467 2008     1          9         3    1657       1700    1809       1805
    ## 2468 2008     1          9         3    1658       1702    2005       2009
    ## 2469 2008     1          9         3    1701       1705    1850       1905
    ## 2470 2008     1          9         3    1708       1715    2147       2200
    ## 2471 2008     1          9         3    1714       1525    2149       2005
    ## 2472 2008     1          9         3    1718       1705    1750       1745
    ## 2473 2008     1          9         3    1721       1730    2148       2213
    ## 2474 2008     1          9         3    1722       1705    1805       1755
    ## 2475 2008     1          9         3    1730       1735    2002       2015
    ## 2476 2008     1          9         3    1732       1738    1830       1855
    ## 2477 2008     1          9         3    1732       1735    1822       1835
    ## 2478 2008     1          9         3    1734       1745    2217       2225
    ## 2479 2008     1          9         3    1735       1735    2113       2155
    ## 2480 2008     1          9         3    1736       1724    2014       2003
    ## 2481 2008     1          9         3    1737       1740    1955       2010
    ## 2482 2008     1          9         3    1737       1735    2257       2255
    ## 2483 2008     1          9         3    1738       1740    2027       2030
    ## 2484 2008     1          9         3    1741       1740    1847       1850
    ## 2485 2008     1          9         3    1742       1755    1841       1902
    ## 2486 2008     1          9         3    1743       1745    2218       2227
    ## 2487 2008     1          9         3    1744       1730    1836       1825
    ## 2488 2008     1          9         3    1746       1745    1846       1850
    ## 2489 2008     1          9         3    1750       1745    2043       2030
    ## 2490 2008     1          9         3    1751       1745    1843       1840
    ## 2491 2008     1          9         3    1756       1740    1847       1835
    ## 2492 2008     1          9         3    1808       1810    1934       1910
    ## 2493 2008     1          9         3    1810       1823    1940       2000
    ## 2494 2008     1          9         3    1810       1805    1857       1905
    ## 2495 2008     1          9         3    1816       1820    2009       2005
    ## 2496 2008     1          9         3    1817       1755    2019       2005
    ## 2497 2008     1          9         3    1827       1830    1930       1929
    ## 2498 2008     1          9         3    1834       1840    2002       2011
    ## 2499 2008     1          9         3    1835       1830    1928       1925
    ## 2500 2008     1          9         3    1838       1810    1927       1900
    ## 2501 2008     1          9         3    1840       1845    2002       2000
    ## 2502 2008     1          9         3    1846       1845    1937       1945
    ## 2503 2008     1          9         3    1847       1855    2051       2120
    ## 2504 2008     1          9         3    1849       1855    2200       2204
    ## 2505 2008     1          9         3    1850       1855    2136       2139
    ## 2506 2008     1          9         3    1859       1815    1953       1910
    ## 2507 2008     1          9         3    1903       1850    1944       1935
    ## 2508 2008     1          9         3    1903       1905    2141       2150
    ## 2509 2008     1          9         3    1907       1910    1949       1955
    ## 2510 2008     1          9         3    1910       1915    2000       2015
    ## 2511 2008     1          9         3    1911       1915    2104       2115
    ## 2512 2008     1          9         3    1912       1905    2355       2359
    ## 2513 2008     1          9         3    1915       1922    2213       2226
    ## 2514 2008     1          9         3    1917       1920    2210       2217
    ## 2515 2008     1          9         3    1924       1920    2111       2115
    ## 2516 2008     1          9         3    1929       1935    2021       2030
    ## 2517 2008     1          9         3    1929       1940    2345       2323
    ## 2518 2008     1          9         3    1931       1935    2014       2025
    ## 2519 2008     1          9         3    1934       1930    2049       2027
    ## 2520 2008     1          9         3    1935       1935    2029       2035
    ## 2521 2008     1          9         3    1944       1945    2021       2020
    ## 2522 2008     1          9         3    1948       1925    2048       2030
    ## 2523 2008     1          9         3    1952       1955    2048       2055
    ## 2524 2008     1          9         3    1952       1955    2210       2215
    ## 2525 2008     1          9         3    1952       1955    2256       2314
    ## 2526 2008     1          9         3    1959       2000    2248       2251
    ## 2527 2008     1          9         3    1959       1930    2056       2020
    ## 2528 2008     1          9         3    2002       1955    2132       2130
    ## 2529 2008     1          9         3    2003       2005    2051       2055
    ## 2530 2008     1          9         3    2014       1948    2127       2100
    ## 2531 2008     1          9         3    2017       2015      41         50
    ## 2532 2008     1          9         3    2022       2015    2317       2320
    ## 2533 2008     1          9         3    2031       1930    2321       2300
    ## 2534 2008     1          9         3    2038       2045       9       2359
    ## 2535 2008     1          9         3    2039       2045    2128       2135
    ## 2536 2008     1          9         3    2044       2045    2359       2346
    ## 2537 2008     1          9         3    2045       2045    2302       2310
    ## 2538 2008     1          9         3    2049       2050    2141       2150
    ## 2539 2008     1          9         3    2050       1905    2147       2000
    ## 2540 2008     1          9         3    2100       2055    2252       2251
    ## 2541 2008     1          9         3    2103       2105    2143       2150
    ## 2542 2008     1          9         3    2111       2050    2203       2145
    ## 2543 2008     1          9         3    2112       2115    2207       2212
    ## 2544 2008     1          9         3    2134       2135      20         20
    ## 2545 2008     1          9         3    2143       2135    2237       2235
    ## 2546 2008     1          9         3    2200       2120    2325       2256
    ## 2547 2008     1          9         3    2205       2025    2243       2110
    ## 2548 2008     1          9         3    2239       2240    2333       2335
    ## 2549 2008     1          9         3    2250       2255    2342       2346
    ## 2550 2008     1          9         3      NA       1830      NA       1925
    ## 2551 2008     1          9         3      NA       1720      NA       1810
    ## 2552 2008     1         10         4     537        540     632        635
    ## 2553 2008     1         10         4     550        550     715        722
    ## 2554 2008     1         10         4     556        600     647        700
    ## 2555 2008     1         10         4     557        600     822        835
    ## 2556 2008     1         10         4     559        600     904        909
    ## 2557 2008     1         10         4     600        605     812        750
    ## 2558 2008     1         10         4     605        610     708        715
    ## 2559 2008     1         10         4     615        620     931        952
    ## 2560 2008     1         10         4     615        620     728        735
    ## 2561 2008     1         10         4     621        630    1052       1058
    ## 2562 2008     1         10         4     625        632     846        911
    ## 2563 2008     1         10         4     628        630     707        715
    ## 2564 2008     1         10         4     629        630     720        725
    ## 2565 2008     1         10         4     632        635     855        900
    ## 2566 2008     1         10         4     635        635     717        720
    ## 2567 2008     1         10         4     637        640     838        825
    ## 2568 2008     1         10         4     646        650    1136       1145
    ## 2569 2008     1         10         4     647        650     733        740
    ## 2570 2008     1         10         4     650        650     811        825
    ## 2571 2008     1         10         4     650        700     847        857
    ## 2572 2008     1         10         4     651        655     754        800
    ## 2573 2008     1         10         4     656        700    1125       1133
    ## 2574 2008     1         10         4     657        700     910        930
    ## 2575 2008     1         10         4     700        700     859        855
    ## 2576 2008     1         10         4     700        700     818        821
    ## 2577 2008     1         10         4     700        705     801        805
    ## 2578 2008     1         10         4     707        715     822        832
    ## 2579 2008     1         10         4     708        715     836        814
    ## 2580 2008     1         10         4     710        715     810        807
    ## 2581 2008     1         10         4     716        720    1025       1024
    ## 2582 2008     1         10         4     719        728    1016       1035
    ## 2583 2008     1         10         4     724        650     916        746
    ## 2584 2008     1         10         4     725        725     759        805
    ## 2585 2008     1         10         4     731        735     824        835
    ## 2586 2008     1         10         4     735        730     902        901
    ## 2587 2008     1         10         4     736        740     839        850
    ## 2588 2008     1         10         4     738        745     947        941
    ## 2589 2008     1         10         4     739        740     830        830
    ## 2590 2008     1         10         4     739        745    1018       1030
    ## 2591 2008     1         10         4     749        755    1114       1122
    ## 2592 2008     1         10         4     750        755     848        905
    ## 2593 2008     1         10         4     753        800     851        900
    ## 2594 2008     1         10         4     757        800    1015       1010
    ## 2595 2008     1         10         4     758        800     858        855
    ## 2596 2008     1         10         4     801        740     856        840
    ## 2597 2008     1         10         4     803        805     849        900
    ## 2598 2008     1         10         4     805        810    1243       1250
    ## 2599 2008     1         10         4     806        805     849        850
    ## 2600 2008     1         10         4     808        815    1011        912
    ## 2601 2008     1         10         4     808        810    1032       1030
    ## 2602 2008     1         10         4     811        811     937        933
    ## 2603 2008     1         10         4     812        815    1108       1100
    ## 2604 2008     1         10         4     827        830     958       1009
    ## 2605 2008     1         10         4     828        825     931        910
    ## 2606 2008     1         10         4     829        835     922        935
    ## 2607 2008     1         10         4     830        830    1150       1136
    ## 2608 2008     1         10         4     831        835    1015       1017
    ## 2609 2008     1         10         4     838        840    1142       1150
    ## 2610 2008     1         10         4     839        840     925        930
    ## 2611 2008     1         10         4     842        850    1220       1235
    ## 2612 2008     1         10         4     844        850     951       1010
    ## 2613 2008     1         10         4     849        850    1031        947
    ## 2614 2008     1         10         4     849        830     951        925
    ## 2615 2008     1         10         4     851        850    1321       1330
    ## 2616 2008     1         10         4     851        820    1021       1003
    ## 2617 2008     1         10         4     855        900     942        955
    ## 2618 2008     1         10         4     855        900     949       1000
    ## 2619 2008     1         10         4     858        900     958       1000
    ## 2620 2008     1         10         4     903        850    1338       1332
    ## 2621 2008     1         10         4     904        910    1140       1124
    ## 2622 2008     1         10         4     904        905    1114       1055
    ## 2623 2008     1         10         4     905        905    1115       1100
    ## 2624 2008     1         10         4     909        910    1239       1235
    ## 2625 2008     1         10         4     912        915    1004       1025
    ## 2626 2008     1         10         4     915        925    1013       1032
    ## 2627 2008     1         10         4     918        920    1008       1015
    ## 2628 2008     1         10         4     922        915    1207       1210
    ## 2629 2008     1         10         4     924        925    1325       1325
    ## 2630 2008     1         10         4     928        905    1433       1425
    ## 2631 2008     1         10         4     930        925    1027       1025
    ## 2632 2008     1         10         4     937        940    1105       1125
    ## 2633 2008     1         10         4     939        945    1034       1045
    ## 2634 2008     1         10         4     953        955    1244       1245
    ## 2635 2008     1         10         4     955        955    1123       1130
    ## 2636 2008     1         10         4     957       1005    1224       1235
    ## 2637 2008     1         10         4     958        955    1051       1045
    ## 2638 2008     1         10         4    1001       1000    1042       1045
    ## 2639 2008     1         10         4    1003       1007    1145       1148
    ## 2640 2008     1         10         4    1003       1010    1102       1100
    ## 2641 2008     1         10         4    1014       1000    1117       1057
    ## 2642 2008     1         10         4    1034       1015    1517       1505
    ## 2643 2008     1         10         4    1035        925    1245       1125
    ## 2644 2008     1         10         4    1035       1040    1138       1140
    ## 2645 2008     1         10         4    1041       1000    1159       1057
    ## 2646 2008     1         10         4    1045       1035    1355       1343
    ## 2647 2008     1         10         4    1051       1050    1236       1240
    ## 2648 2008     1         10         4    1052       1050    1137       1145
    ## 2649 2008     1         10         4    1052       1055    1605       1619
    ## 2650 2008     1         10         4    1057       1030    1248       1221
    ## 2651 2008     1         10         4    1059       1050    1159       1155
    ## 2652 2008     1         10         4    1100       1100    1414       1420
    ## 2653 2008     1         10         4    1100       1105    1338       1349
    ## 2654 2008     1         10         4    1104       1110    1219       1230
    ## 2655 2008     1         10         4    1105       1105    1147       1150
    ## 2656 2008     1         10         4    1106       1105    1416       1420
    ## 2657 2008     1         10         4    1109       1115    1227       1229
    ## 2658 2008     1         10         4    1116       1120    1212       1220
    ## 2659 2008     1         10         4    1118       1125    1208       1220
    ## 2660 2008     1         10         4    1118       1120    1341       1345
    ## 2661 2008     1         10         4    1119       1040    1442       1401
    ## 2662 2008     1         10         4    1121       1105    1223       1202
    ## 2663 2008     1         10         4    1127       1130    1236       1230
    ## 2664 2008     1         10         4    1130       1130    1321       1320
    ## 2665 2008     1         10         4    1131       1115    1646       1553
    ## 2666 2008     1         10         4    1134       1135    1225       1225
    ## 2667 2008     1         10         4    1144       1140    1404       1415
    ## 2668 2008     1         10         4    1150       1151    1540       1555
    ## 2669 2008     1         10         4    1154       1155    1303       1320
    ## 2670 2008     1         10         4    1155       1205    1614       1647
    ## 2671 2008     1         10         4    1200       1210    1339       1410
    ## 2672 2008     1         10         4    1203       1200    1532       1545
    ## 2673 2008     1         10         4    1208       1210    1256       1300
    ## 2674 2008     1         10         4    1215       1218    1543       1523
    ## 2675 2008     1         10         4    1215       1220    1547       1605
    ## 2676 2008     1         10         4    1221       1215    1729       1735
    ## 2677 2008     1         10         4    1222       1135    1640       1625
    ## 2678 2008     1         10         4    1224       1225    1315       1325
    ## 2679 2008     1         10         4    1233       1235    1336       1335
    ## 2680 2008     1         10         4    1235       1240    1303       1320
    ## 2681 2008     1         10         4    1245       1250    1354       1350
    ## 2682 2008     1         10         4    1245       1240    1714       1720
    ## 2683 2008     1         10         4    1248       1245    1342       1340
    ## 2684 2008     1         10         4    1251       1237    1346       1334
    ## 2685 2008     1         10         4    1259       1230    1541       1515
    ## 2686 2008     1         10         4    1303       1205    1444       1350
    ## 2687 2008     1         10         4    1303       1305    1812       1805
    ## 2688 2008     1         10         4    1307       1315    1732       1804
    ## 2689 2008     1         10         4    1308       1314    1435       1442
    ## 2690 2008     1         10         4    1310       1316    1624       1635
    ## 2691 2008     1         10         4    1316       1320    1635       1645
    ## 2692 2008     1         10         4    1317       1315    1412       1412
    ## 2693 2008     1         10         4    1321       1325    1444       1425
    ## 2694 2008     1         10         4    1327       1325    1426       1415
    ## 2695 2008     1         10         4    1332       1335    1432       1428
    ## 2696 2008     1         10         4    1334       1335    1536       1530
    ## 2697 2008     1         10         4    1334       1335    1651       1646
    ## 2698 2008     1         10         4    1335       1310    1539       1508
    ## 2699 2008     1         10         4    1336       1300    1527       1500
    ## 2700 2008     1         10         4    1336       1342    1704       1725
    ## 2701 2008     1         10         4    1341       1345    1641       1653
    ## 2702 2008     1         10         4    1342       1330    1423       1415
    ## 2703 2008     1         10         4    1344       1345    1438       1445
    ## 2704 2008     1         10         4    1347       1345    1635       1645
    ## 2705 2008     1         10         4    1354       1400    1547       1555
    ## 2706 2008     1         10         4    1355       1355    1442       1445
    ## 2707 2008     1         10         4    1400       1405    1647       1650
    ## 2708 2008     1         10         4    1404       1405    1456       1500
    ## 2709 2008     1         10         4    1405       1400    1515       1515
    ## 2710 2008     1         10         4    1406       1410    1613       1625
    ## 2711 2008     1         10         4    1412       1415    1758       1815
    ## 2712 2008     1         10         4    1412       1415    1506       1515
    ## 2713 2008     1         10         4    1417       1420    1718       1710
    ## 2714 2008     1         10         4    1419       1415    1515       1515
    ## 2715 2008     1         10         4    1420       1430    1539       1547
    ## 2716 2008     1         10         4    1424       1430    1530       1525
    ## 2717 2008     1         10         4    1428       1400    1536       1450
    ## 2718 2008     1         10         4    1434       1435    1759       1747
    ## 2719 2008     1         10         4    1435       1445    1602       1607
    ## 2720 2008     1         10         4    1445       1445    1537       1539
    ## 2721 2008     1         10         4    1446       1440    1526       1530
    ## 2722 2008     1         10         4    1447       1435    1607       1550
    ## 2723 2008     1         10         4    1450       1450    1540       1545
    ## 2724 2008     1         10         4    1451       1455    1600       1612
    ## 2725 2008     1         10         4    1516       1520    1620       1620
    ## 2726 2008     1         10         4    1518       1520    1620       1610
    ## 2727 2008     1         10         4    1519       1454    1638       1630
    ## 2728 2008     1         10         4    1520       1350    1737       1615
    ## 2729 2008     1         10         4    1521       1520    1829       1825
    ## 2730 2008     1         10         4    1525       1520    1701       1657
    ## 2731 2008     1         10         4    1525       1525    1629       1625
    ## 2732 2008     1         10         4    1529       1505    1727       1650
    ## 2733 2008     1         10         4    1529       1525    2002       2005
    ## 2734 2008     1         10         4    1534       1520    1640       1620
    ## 2735 2008     1         10         4    1541       1535    1846       1850
    ## 2736 2008     1         10         4    1547       1550    1642       1645
    ## 2737 2008     1         10         4    1548       1545    1645       1640
    ## 2738 2008     1         10         4    1549       1545    1634       1640
    ## 2739 2008     1         10         4    1552       1550    1635       1635
    ## 2740 2008     1         10         4    1553       1530    1646       1640
    ## 2741 2008     1         10         4    1554       1555    1719       1723
    ## 2742 2008     1         10         4    1600       1600    1858       1910
    ## 2743 2008     1         10         4    1600       1606    1849       1908
    ## 2744 2008     1         10         4    1601       1520    1721       1655
    ## 2745 2008     1         10         4    1605       1528    1929       1900
    ## 2746 2008     1         10         4    1607       1610    1658       1705
    ## 2747 2008     1         10         4    1614       1615    1712       1715
    ## 2748 2008     1         10         4    1615       1615    1742       1754
    ## 2749 2008     1         10         4    1619       1600    1904       1840
    ## 2750 2008     1         10         4    1620       1630    1820       1820
    ## 2751 2008     1         10         4    1620       1624    1925       1936
    ## 2752 2008     1         10         4    1622       1620    1711       1710
    ## 2753 2008     1         10         4    1624       1610    1829       1756
    ## 2754 2008     1         10         4    1630       1640    2030       2038
    ## 2755 2008     1         10         4    1634       1635    1851       1900
    ## 2756 2008     1         10         4    1636       1635    1737       1740
    ## 2757 2008     1         10         4    1639       1645    2007       1951
    ## 2758 2008     1         10         4    1648       1645    1833       1828
    ## 2759 2008     1         10         4    1655       1655    1811       1816
    ## 2760 2008     1         10         4    1659       1705    1846       1905
    ## 2761 2008     1         10         4    1700       1630    1759       1730
    ## 2762 2008     1         10         4    1702       1705    1734       1745
    ## 2763 2008     1         10         4    1703       1705    1752       1755
    ## 2764 2008     1         10         4    1709       1700    2031       2011
    ## 2765 2008     1         10         4    1714       1715    2146       2200
    ## 2766 2008     1         10         4    1715       1700    1815       1805
    ## 2767 2008     1         10         4    1721       1720    1814       1810
    ## 2768 2008     1         10         4    1723       1730    1818       1825
    ## 2769 2008     1         10         4    1725       1730    2204       2213
    ## 2770 2008     1         10         4    1731       1735    1820       1835
    ## 2771 2008     1         10         4    1735       1735    2048       2155
    ## 2772 2008     1         10         4    1737       1640    1827       1735
    ## 2773 2008     1         10         4    1737       1740    2031       2030
    ## 2774 2008     1         10         4    1740       1740    1831       1835
    ## 2775 2008     1         10         4    1740       1745    2033       2030
    ## 2776 2008     1         10         4    1743       1745    1836       1840
    ## 2777 2008     1         10         4    1746       1745    2223       2227
    ## 2778 2008     1         10         4    1747       1740    1856       1850
    ## 2779 2008     1         10         4    1747       1745    2227       2225
    ## 2780 2008     1         10         4    1749       1745    1850       1850
    ## 2781 2008     1         10         4    1750       1755    1959       2005
    ## 2782 2008     1         10         4    1753       1755    1900       1902
    ## 2783 2008     1         10         4    1755       1735    2332       2255
    ## 2784 2008     1         10         4    1758       1740    2019       2010
    ## 2785 2008     1         10         4    1807       1805    1905       1905
    ## 2786 2008     1         10         4    1814       1820    2008       2005
    ## 2787 2008     1         10         4    1815       1815    1920       1910
    ## 2788 2008     1         10         4    1823       1823    1959       2000
    ## 2789 2008     1         10         4    1824       1724    2055       2003
    ## 2790 2008     1         10         4    1828       1810    1914       1900
    ## 2791 2008     1         10         4    1832       1830    1926       1925
    ## 2792 2008     1         10         4    1833       1830    1932       1925
    ## 2793 2008     1         10         4    1834       1830    1931       1929
    ## 2794 2008     1         10         4    1840       1810    1948       1910
    ## 2795 2008     1         10         4    1850       1855    2122       2139
    ## 2796 2008     1         10         4    1851       1850    1935       1935
    ## 2797 2008     1         10         4    1857       1845    2021       2000
    ## 2798 2008     1         10         4    1858       1905    1952       2000
    ## 2799 2008     1         10         4    1903       1840    2046       2011
    ## 2800 2008     1         10         4    1905       1905    2353       2359
    ## 2801 2008     1         10         4    1907       1855    2216       2204
    ## 2802 2008     1         10         4    1908       1855    2120       2120
    ## 2803 2008     1         10         4    1909       1910    1956       1955
    ## 2804 2008     1         10         4    1911       1905    2138       2150
    ## 2805 2008     1         10         4    1912       1735    2249       2015
    ## 2806 2008     1         10         4    1913       1915    2020       2015
    ## 2807 2008     1         10         4    1914       1915    2114       2115
    ## 2808 2008     1         10         4    1914       1845    2016       1945
    ## 2809 2008     1         10         4    1917       1920    2212       2217
    ## 2810 2008     1         10         4    1918       1920    2101       2115
    ## 2811 2008     1         10         4    1929       1935    2018       2030
    ## 2812 2008     1         10         4    1930       1930    2258       2300
    ## 2813 2008     1         10         4    1935       1935    2028       2035
    ## 2814 2008     1         10         4    1937       1930    2024       2020
    ## 2815 2008     1         10         4    1940       1940    2305       2323
    ## 2816 2008     1         10         4    1942       1925    2037       2030
    ## 2817 2008     1         10         4    1945       1945    2025       2020
    ## 2818 2008     1         10         4    1945       1948    2059       2100
    ## 2819 2008     1         10         4    1948       1935    2033       2025
    ## 2820 2008     1         10         4    1951       1955    2051       2055
    ## 2821 2008     1         10         4    1953       1955    2116       2130
    ## 2822 2008     1         10         4    1953       1955    2258       2314
    ## 2823 2008     1         10         4    1953       1930    2045       2027
    ## 2824 2008     1         10         4    1955       1955    2208       2215
    ## 2825 2008     1         10         4    2004       2005    2048       2055
    ## 2826 2008     1         10         4    2019       2015    2316       2320
    ## 2827 2008     1         10         4    2021       2025    2104       2110
    ## 2828 2008     1         10         4    2021       2000    2309       2251
    ## 2829 2008     1         10         4    2040       2045    2334       2359
    ## 2830 2008     1         10         4    2044       2050    2134       2145
    ## 2831 2008     1         10         4    2047       2045    2338       2346
    ## 2832 2008     1         10         4    2048       2045    2133       2135
    ## 2833 2008     1         10         4    2051       2050    2145       2150
    ## 2834 2008     1         10         4    2052       2015     111         50
    ## 2835 2008     1         10         4    2054       2055    2248       2251
    ## 2836 2008     1         10         4    2055       2045    2314       2310
    ## 2837 2008     1         10         4    2114       2115    2217       2212
    ## 2838 2008     1         10         4    2130       2105    2216       2150
    ## 2839 2008     1         10         4    2135       2135    2227       2235
    ## 2840 2008     1         10         4    2140       2120    2340       2256
    ## 2841 2008     1         10         4    2149       2200    2251       2301
    ## 2842 2008     1         10         4    2245       2135     126         20
    ## 2843 2008     1         10         4    2252       2255    2345       2346
    ## 2844 2008     1         10         4    2307       2240    2348       2335
    ## 2845 2008     1         10         4    2346       2346     410        425
    ## 2846 2008     1         10         4      NA       1738      NA       1855
    ## 2847 2008     1         10         4      NA        705      NA        805
    ## 2848 2008     1         10         4      NA       1922      NA       2226
    ## 2849 2008     1         10         4      NA        545      NA        640
    ## 2850 2008     1         11         5     535        540     626        635
    ## 2851 2008     1         11         5     543        550     716        722
    ## 2852 2008     1         11         5     543        545     643        640
    ## 2853 2008     1         11         5     556        600     718        700
    ## 2854 2008     1         11         5     557        600     903        909
    ## 2855 2008     1         11         5     558        600     840        835
    ## 2856 2008     1         11         5     602        610     706        715
    ## 2857 2008     1         11         5     612        620     740        735
    ## 2858 2008     1         11         5     618        620     933        952
    ## 2859 2008     1         11         5     624        630    1120       1058
    ## 2860 2008     1         11         5     627        630     719        725
    ## 2861 2008     1         11         5     630        632     923        911
    ## 2862 2008     1         11         5     633        630     717        715
    ## 2863 2008     1         11         5     633        635     851        900
    ## 2864 2008     1         11         5     635        635     718        720
    ## 2865 2008     1         11         5     637        640     824        825
    ## 2866 2008     1         11         5     642        650    1131       1145
    ## 2867 2008     1         11         5     646        605     829        750
    ## 2868 2008     1         11         5     647        650     729        740
    ## 2869 2008     1         11         5     650        650     817        825
    ## 2870 2008     1         11         5     650        650     742        746
    ## 2871 2008     1         11         5     650        700     849        857
    ## 2872 2008     1         11         5     654        700     816        821
    ## 2873 2008     1         11         5     654        655     751        800
    ## 2874 2008     1         11         5     655        700    1143       1133
    ## 2875 2008     1         11         5     658        700     923        930
    ## 2876 2008     1         11         5     701        700     852        855
    ## 2877 2008     1         11         5     701        705     813        805
    ## 2878 2008     1         11         5     703        705     756        805
    ## 2879 2008     1         11         5     708        715     822        832
    ## 2880 2008     1         11         5     711        715     815        807
    ## 2881 2008     1         11         5     715        720    1009       1024
    ## 2882 2008     1         11         5     716        715     810        814
    ## 2883 2008     1         11         5     721        728    1013       1035
    ## 2884 2008     1         11         5     722        730     842        901
    ## 2885 2008     1         11         5     723        725     755        805
    ## 2886 2008     1         11         5     733        735     827        835
    ## 2887 2008     1         11         5     734        740     837        850
    ## 2888 2008     1         11         5     734        740     840        840
    ## 2889 2008     1         11         5     738        740     825        830
    ## 2890 2008     1         11         5     740        745    1010       1030
    ## 2891 2008     1         11         5     750        755     912        905
    ## 2892 2008     1         11         5     755        800     848        900
    ## 2893 2008     1         11         5     758        800     848        855
    ## 2894 2008     1         11         5     800        805     848        900
    ## 2895 2008     1         11         5     800        800    1012       1010
    ## 2896 2008     1         11         5     801        805     850        850
    ## 2897 2008     1         11         5     802        811     940        933
    ## 2898 2008     1         11         5     808        810    1228       1250
    ## 2899 2008     1         11         5     809        815    1042       1100
    ## 2900 2008     1         11         5     809        755    1230       1122
    ## 2901 2008     1         11         5     810        810    1014       1030
    ## 2902 2008     1         11         5     816        820     936       1003
    ## 2903 2008     1         11         5     817        815     918        912
    ## 2904 2008     1         11         5     824        825     902        910
    ## 2905 2008     1         11         5     825        830    1132       1136
    ## 2906 2008     1         11         5     826        830     923        925
    ## 2907 2008     1         11         5     829        835    1024       1017
    ## 2908 2008     1         11         5     830        835     926        935
    ## 2909 2008     1         11         5     830        830     954       1009
    ## 2910 2008     1         11         5     838        840    1133       1150
    ## 2911 2008     1         11         5     839        840     925        930
    ## 2912 2008     1         11         5     842        850    1007       1010
    ## 2913 2008     1         11         5     850        850    1313       1330
    ## 2914 2008     1         11         5     851        850     950        947
    ## 2915 2008     1         11         5     854        900    1010       1000
    ## 2916 2008     1         11         5     858        900     952        955
    ## 2917 2008     1         11         5     859        900    1002       1000
    ## 2918 2008     1         11         5     901        910    1109       1124
    ## 2919 2008     1         11         5     901        905    1359       1425
    ## 2920 2008     1         11         5     905        910    1328       1235
    ## 2921 2008     1         11         5     908        850    1338       1332
    ## 2922 2008     1         11         5     910        905    1056       1100
    ## 2923 2008     1         11         5     912        920    1011       1015
    ## 2924 2008     1         11         5     914        915    1025       1025
    ## 2925 2008     1         11         5     917        925    1006       1032
    ## 2926 2008     1         11         5     917        850    1301       1235
    ## 2927 2008     1         11         5     920        905    1135       1055
    ## 2928 2008     1         11         5     922        925    1010       1025
    ## 2929 2008     1         11         5     923        925    1318       1325
    ## 2930 2008     1         11         5     925        745    1136        941
    ## 2931 2008     1         11         5     926        925    1129       1125
    ## 2932 2008     1         11         5     932        915    1207       1210
    ## 2933 2008     1         11         5     938        940    1107       1125
    ## 2934 2008     1         11         5     946        945    1040       1045
    ## 2935 2008     1         11         5     953        955    1134       1130
    ## 2936 2008     1         11         5     955       1000    1046       1057
    ## 2937 2008     1         11         5     956       1005    1229       1235
    ## 2938 2008     1         11         5     956        955    1044       1045
    ## 2939 2008     1         11         5     956       1000    1038       1045
    ## 2940 2008     1         11         5     957        955    1244       1245
    ## 2941 2008     1         11         5    1000       1000    1055       1057
    ## 2942 2008     1         11         5    1005       1010    1053       1100
    ## 2943 2008     1         11         5    1015       1007    1139       1148
    ## 2944 2008     1         11         5    1016       1015    1450       1505
    ## 2945 2008     1         11         5    1026       1030    1215       1221
    ## 2946 2008     1         11         5    1030       1035    1329       1343
    ## 2947 2008     1         11         5    1037       1040    1127       1140
    ## 2948 2008     1         11         5    1038       1040    1335       1401
    ## 2949 2008     1         11         5    1045       1050    1230       1240
    ## 2950 2008     1         11         5    1046       1055    1549       1619
    ## 2951 2008     1         11         5    1049       1050    1148       1155
    ## 2952 2008     1         11         5    1050       1050    1139       1145
    ## 2953 2008     1         11         5    1053       1105    1322       1349
    ## 2954 2008     1         11         5    1055       1100    1417       1420
    ## 2955 2008     1         11         5    1104       1115    1222       1229
    ## 2956 2008     1         11         5    1104       1105    1407       1420
    ## 2957 2008     1         11         5    1105       1110    1228       1230
    ## 2958 2008     1         11         5    1106       1105    1143       1150
    ## 2959 2008     1         11         5    1116       1120    1223       1220
    ## 2960 2008     1         11         5    1121       1120    1343       1345
    ## 2961 2008     1         11         5    1122       1125    1211       1220
    ## 2962 2008     1         11         5    1127       1130    1311       1320
    ## 2963 2008     1         11         5    1130       1135    1219       1225
    ## 2964 2008     1         11         5    1134       1105    1233       1202
    ## 2965 2008     1         11         5    1138       1140    1401       1415
    ## 2966 2008     1         11         5    1142       1151    1530       1555
    ## 2967 2008     1         11         5    1150       1200    1535       1545
    ## 2968 2008     1         11         5    1153       1130    1251       1230
    ## 2969 2008     1         11         5    1154       1155    1318       1320
    ## 2970 2008     1         11         5    1155       1210    1357       1410
    ## 2971 2008     1         11         5    1201       1205    1345       1350
    ## 2972 2008     1         11         5    1210       1210    1259       1300
    ## 2973 2008     1         11         5    1215       1115    1655       1553
    ## 2974 2008     1         11         5    1216       1220    1541       1605
    ## 2975 2008     1         11         5    1217       1225    1321       1325
    ## 2976 2008     1         11         5    1218       1215    1718       1735
    ## 2977 2008     1         11         5    1221       1218    1529       1523
    ## 2978 2008     1         11         5    1229       1230    1514       1515
    ## 2979 2008     1         11         5    1233       1135    1813       1625
    ## 2980 2008     1         11         5    1233       1235    1320       1335
    ## 2981 2008     1         11         5    1236       1240    1309       1320
    ## 2982 2008     1         11         5    1244       1240    1709       1720
    ## 2983 2008     1         11         5    1245       1245    1331       1340
    ## 2984 2008     1         11         5    1246       1250    1343       1350
    ## 2985 2008     1         11         5    1306       1300    1455       1500
    ## 2986 2008     1         11         5    1310       1310    1506       1508
    ## 2987 2008     1         11         5    1313       1316    1623       1635
    ## 2988 2008     1         11         5    1314       1320    1627       1645
    ## 2989 2008     1         11         5    1314       1237    1403       1334
    ## 2990 2008     1         11         5    1319       1325    1431       1425
    ## 2991 2008     1         11         5    1319       1305    1800       1805
    ## 2992 2008     1         11         5    1325       1325    1411       1415
    ## 2993 2008     1         11         5    1330       1315    1807       1804
    ## 2994 2008     1         11         5    1330       1330    1414       1415
    ## 2995 2008     1         11         5    1333       1335    1526       1530
    ## 2996 2008     1         11         5    1339       1342    1707       1725
    ## 2997 2008     1         11         5    1340       1345    1640       1653
    ## 2998 2008     1         11         5    1344       1345    1630       1645
    ## 2999 2008     1         11         5    1344       1345    1442       1445
    ## 3000 2008     1         11         5    1351       1314    1516       1446
    ## 3001 2008     1         11         5    1352       1335    1434       1428
    ## 3002 2008     1         11         5    1355       1400    1547       1555
    ## 3003 2008     1         11         5    1357       1405    1454       1500
    ## 3004 2008     1         11         5    1358       1350    1612       1615
    ## 3005 2008     1         11         5    1359       1405    1646       1650
    ## 3006 2008     1         11         5    1400       1355    1449       1445
    ## 3007 2008     1         11         5    1400       1315    1451       1412
    ## 3008 2008     1         11         5    1406       1410    1612       1625
    ## 3009 2008     1         11         5    1412       1400    1515       1515
    ## 3010 2008     1         11         5    1412       1415    1512       1515
    ## 3011 2008     1         11         5    1414       1415    1519       1515
    ## 3012 2008     1         11         5    1417       1415    1803       1815
    ## 3013 2008     1         11         5    1417       1420    1647       1710
    ## 3014 2008     1         11         5    1424       1430    1534       1547
    ## 3015 2008     1         11         5    1427       1430    1530       1525
    ## 3016 2008     1         11         5    1435       1445    1552       1607
    ## 3017 2008     1         11         5    1439       1435    1551       1550
    ## 3018 2008     1         11         5    1443       1440    1525       1530
    ## 3019 2008     1         11         5    1443       1400    1528       1450
    ## 3020 2008     1         11         5    1445       1455    1603       1612
    ## 3021 2008     1         11         5    1448       1435    1749       1747
    ## 3022 2008     1         11         5    1450       1450    1541       1545
    ## 3023 2008     1         11         5    1453       1454    1625       1630
    ## 3024 2008     1         11         5    1504       1505    1659       1650
    ## 3025 2008     1         11         5    1517       1520    1604       1620
    ## 3026 2008     1         11         5    1520       1520    1617       1620
    ## 3027 2008     1         11         5    1522       1520    1608       1610
    ## 3028 2008     1         11         5    1523       1520    1656       1657
    ## 3029 2008     1         11         5    1523       1525    1631       1625
    ## 3030 2008     1         11         5    1524       1205    2013       1647
    ## 3031 2008     1         11         5    1528       1528    1851       1900
    ## 3032 2008     1         11         5    1529       1530    1636       1640
    ## 3033 2008     1         11         5    1530       1535    1833       1850
    ## 3034 2008     1         11         5    1532       1455    1628       1549
    ## 3035 2008     1         11         5    1543       1520    1845       1829
    ## 3036 2008     1         11         5    1543       1525    2006       2005
    ## 3037 2008     1         11         5    1543       1545    1638       1640
    ## 3038 2008     1         11         5    1549       1550    1641       1635
    ## 3039 2008     1         11         5    1550       1545    1645       1640
    ## 3040 2008     1         11         5    1551       1520    1719       1655
    ## 3041 2008     1         11         5    1551       1550    1649       1645
    ## 3042 2008     1         11         5    1554       1555    1710       1723
    ## 3043 2008     1         11         5    1558       1600    1856       1910
    ## 3044 2008     1         11         5    1600       1610    1729       1756
    ## 3045 2008     1         11         5    1604       1600    1826       1840
    ## 3046 2008     1         11         5    1605       1606    1903       1908
    ## 3047 2008     1         11         5    1608       1335    1946       1646
    ## 3048 2008     1         11         5    1612       1610    1659       1705
    ## 3049 2008     1         11         5    1620       1624    1925       1936
    ## 3050 2008     1         11         5    1621       1620    1706       1710
    ## 3051 2008     1         11         5    1625       1630    1815       1820
    ## 3052 2008     1         11         5    1628       1640    2021       2038
    ## 3053 2008     1         11         5    1630       1630    1715       1730
    ## 3054 2008     1         11         5    1636       1635    1736       1740
    ## 3055 2008     1         11         5    1636       1645    1801       1828
    ## 3056 2008     1         11         5    1640       1635    1858       1900
    ## 3057 2008     1         11         5    1640       1645    1941       1951
    ## 3058 2008     1         11         5    1648       1655    1802       1816
    ## 3059 2008     1         11         5    1649       1640    1739       1735
    ## 3060 2008     1         11         5    1657       1700    2008       2011
    ## 3061 2008     1         11         5    1700       1700    1807       1805
    ## 3062 2008     1         11         5    1700       1705    1848       1905
    ## 3063 2008     1         11         5    1700       1615    1823       1754
    ## 3064 2008     1         11         5    1705       1705    1744       1755
    ## 3065 2008     1         11         5    1708       1625    1811       1725
    ## 3066 2008     1         11         5    1712       1705    1745       1745
    ## 3067 2008     1         11         5    1727       1720    1809       1810
    ## 3068 2008     1         11         5    1728       1730    1824       1825
    ## 3069 2008     1         11         5    1729       1735    1822       1835
    ## 3070 2008     1         11         5    1731       1735    1957       2015
    ## 3071 2008     1         11         5    1732       1738    1849       1855
    ## 3072 2008     1         11         5    1735       1735    2105       2155
    ## 3073 2008     1         11         5    1737       1740    1840       1850
    ## 3074 2008     1         11         5    1737       1735    2247       2255
    ## 3075 2008     1         11         5    1738       1740    1958       2010
    ## 3076 2008     1         11         5    1739       1745    2232       2227
    ## 3077 2008     1         11         5    1739       1740    2025       2030
    ## 3078 2008     1         11         5    1741       1740    1828       1835
    ## 3079 2008     1         11         5    1741       1745    1831       1840
    ## 3080 2008     1         11         5    1742       1745    2212       2225
    ## 3081 2008     1         11         5    1745       1755    1858       1902
    ## 3082 2008     1         11         5    1745       1745    1845       1850
    ## 3083 2008     1         11         5    1754       1755    1958       2005
    ## 3084 2008     1         11         5    1800       1805    1852       1905
    ## 3085 2008     1         11         5    1807       1810    1854       1900
    ## 3086 2008     1         11         5    1811       1810    1909       1910
    ## 3087 2008     1         11         5    1815       1820    2010       2005
    ## 3088 2008     1         11         5    1817       1815    1911       1910
    ## 3089 2008     1         11         5    1821       1823    1943       2000
    ## 3090 2008     1         11         5    1822       1830    1918       1929
    ## 3091 2008     1         11         5    1826       1715    2244       2200
    ## 3092 2008     1         11         5    1831       1830    1920       1925
    ## 3093 2008     1         11         5    1834       1830    1924       1925
    ## 3094 2008     1         11         5    1843       1845    1931       1945
    ## 3095 2008     1         11         5    1846       1855    2129       2139
    ## 3096 2008     1         11         5    1851       1845    2004       2000
    ## 3097 2008     1         11         5    1852       1850    1934       1935
    ## 3098 2008     1         11         5    1900       1905    1952       2000
    ## 3099 2008     1         11         5    1900       1840    2040       2011
    ## 3100 2008     1         11         5    1901       1905    2132       2150
    ## 3101 2008     1         11         5    1903       1905    2338       2359
    ## 3102 2008     1         11         5    1908       1915    2013       2015
    ## 3103 2008     1         11         5    1910       1910    1949       1955
    ## 3104 2008     1         11         5    1913       1915    2116       2115
    ## 3105 2008     1         11         5    1919       1920    2215       2217
    ## 3106 2008     1         11         5    1927       1922    2219       2226
    ## 3107 2008     1         11         5    1928       1930    2011       2020
    ## 3108 2008     1         11         5    1929       1920    2110       2115
    ## 3109 2008     1         11         5    1929       1930    2017       2027
    ## 3110 2008     1         11         5    1931       1935    2022       2030
    ## 3111 2008     1         11         5    1931       1925    2034       2030
    ## 3112 2008     1         11         5    1934       1935    2032       2035
    ## 3113 2008     1         11         5    1941       1948    2051       2100
    ## 3114 2008     1         11         5    1941       1935    2024       2025
    ## 3115 2008     1         11         5    1942       1945    2017       2020
    ## 3116 2008     1         11         5    1945       1940    2323       2323
    ## 3117 2008     1         11         5    1949       1955    2047       2055
    ## 3118 2008     1         11         5    1951       1955    2254       2314
    ## 3119 2008     1         11         5    1954       1855    2259       2204
    ## 3120 2008     1         11         5    1955       1955    2130       2130
    ## 3121 2008     1         11         5    1955       1745    2233       2030
    ## 3122 2008     1         11         5    2010       1730      27       2213
    ## 3123 2008     1         11         5    2010       2000    2259       2251
    ## 3124 2008     1         11         5    2013       2015      26         50
    ## 3125 2008     1         11         5    2018       2015    2309       2320
    ## 3126 2008     1         11         5    2026       2025    2106       2110
    ## 3127 2008     1         11         5    2032       1955    2245       2215
    ## 3128 2008     1         11         5    2036       2050    2123       2145
    ## 3129 2008     1         11         5    2038       2045    2256       2310
    ## 3130 2008     1         11         5    2038       1930       5       2300
    ## 3131 2008     1         11         5    2043       2045    2359       2359
    ## 3132 2008     1         11         5    2044       2045    2336       2346
    ## 3133 2008     1         11         5    2045       2045    2133       2135
    ## 3134 2008     1         11         5    2048       2050    2136       2150
    ## 3135 2008     1         11         5    2055       2055    2257       2251
    ## 3136 2008     1         11         5    2111       2105    2155       2150
    ## 3137 2008     1         11         5    2115       2115    2213       2212
    ## 3138 2008     1         11         5    2129       2135    2234       2235
    ## 3139 2008     1         11         5    2131       2005    2219       2055
    ## 3140 2008     1         11         5    2143       2135      25         20
    ## 3141 2008     1         11         5    2149       2200    2249       2301
    ## 3142 2008     1         11         5    2150       2120    2341       2256
    ## 3143 2008     1         11         5    2248       2240    2335       2335
    ## 3144 2008     1         11         5    2252       2255    2344       2346
    ## 3145 2008     1         11         5    2307       1855     124       2120
    ## 3146 2008     1         11         5    2340       2346     410        425
    ## 3147 2008     1         11         5      NA       1724      NA       2003
    ## 3148 2008     1         12         6     533        540     627        633
    ## 3149 2008     1         12         6     554        600     810        835
    ## 3150 2008     1         12         6     555        600     652        700
    ## 3151 2008     1         12         6     600        600     855        909
    ## 3152 2008     1         12         6     601        550     807        727
    ## 3153 2008     1         12         6     618        620     725        735
    ## 3154 2008     1         12         6     622        627     842        906
    ## 3155 2008     1         12         6     643        650     729        744
    ## 3156 2008     1         12         6     652        650    1145       1145
    ## 3157 2008     1         12         6     653        700     812        821
    ## 3158 2008     1         12         6     655        700     854        857
    ## 3159 2008     1         12         6     657        705     808        805
    ## 3160 2008     1         12         6     658        700    1123       1140
    ## 3161 2008     1         12         6     700        705     733        745
    ## 3162 2008     1         12         6     700        700     754        800
    ## 3163 2008     1         12         6     701        700     851        855
    ## 3164 2008     1         12         6     712        715     821        832
    ## 3165 2008     1         12         6     717        720    1013       1024
    ## 3166 2008     1         12         6     719        728    1010       1035
    ## 3167 2008     1         12         6     725        730     843        901
    ## 3168 2008     1         12         6     728        730     826        835
    ## 3169 2008     1         12         6     735        740     832        840
    ## 3170 2008     1         12         6     737        700    1149       1133
    ## 3171 2008     1         12         6     738        740     845        850
    ## 3172 2008     1         12         6     739        745     936        941
    ## 3173 2008     1         12         6     744        745     921        917
    ## 3174 2008     1         12         6     747        755    1109       1122
    ## 3175 2008     1         12         6     749        755     902        905
    ## 3176 2008     1         12         6     750        745    1015       1030
    ## 3177 2008     1         12         6     753        800     908        900
    ## 3178 2008     1         12         6     755        800    1010       1010
    ## 3179 2008     1         12         6     757        800    1120       1132
    ## 3180 2008     1         12         6     757        800     846        855
    ## 3181 2008     1         12         6     800        805     852        900
    ## 3182 2008     1         12         6     800        800     932        922
    ## 3183 2008     1         12         6     800        805     843        850
    ## 3184 2008     1         12         6     804        810    1145       1055
    ## 3185 2008     1         12         6     805        810    1233       1250
    ## 3186 2008     1         12         6     808        815     904        912
    ## 3187 2008     1         12         6     809        815    1102       1100
    ## 3188 2008     1         12         6     815        810    1048       1030
    ## 3189 2008     1         12         6     818        820     901        905
    ## 3190 2008     1         12         6     825        745     927        850
    ## 3191 2008     1         12         6     828        820    1009       1003
    ## 3192 2008     1         12         6     828        830     919        922
    ## 3193 2008     1         12         6     830        835     934        935
    ## 3194 2008     1         12         6     830        830    1000       1009
    ## 3195 2008     1         12         6     835        830    1130       1136
    ## 3196 2008     1         12         6     838        840     919        930
    ## 3197 2008     1         12         6     840        850    1315       1332
    ## 3198 2008     1         12         6     847        850    1021       1010
    ## 3199 2008     1         12         6     849        850    1219       1235
    ## 3200 2008     1         12         6     858        900     956       1000
    ## 3201 2008     1         12         6     901        905    1104       1100
    ## 3202 2008     1         12         6     905        905    1110       1055
    ## 3203 2008     1         12         6     908        900    1001       1000
    ## 3204 2008     1         12         6     911        915    1008       1025
    ## 3205 2008     1         12         6     915        915    1154       1210
    ## 3206 2008     1         12         6     916        925    1128       1139
    ## 3207 2008     1         12         6     918        920    1009       1015
    ## 3208 2008     1         12         6     921        925    1019       1032
    ## 3209 2008     1         12         6     921        925    1009       1025
    ## 3210 2008     1         12         6     938        940    1110       1125
    ## 3211 2008     1         12         6     942        925    1132       1125
    ## 3212 2008     1         12         6     944        945    1052       1045
    ## 3213 2008     1         12         6     945        945    1201       1215
    ## 3214 2008     1         12         6     952        955    1329       1355
    ## 3215 2008     1         12         6     953        955    1124       1130
    ## 3216 2008     1         12         6     954        955    1042       1045
    ## 3217 2008     1         12         6    1001       1005    1219       1235
    ## 3218 2008     1         12         6    1002       1000    1058       1057
    ## 3219 2008     1         12         6    1004       1007    1145       1148
    ## 3220 2008     1         12         6    1005       1010    1100       1100
    ## 3221 2008     1         12         6    1018       1015    1456       1505
    ## 3222 2008     1         12         6    1031       1035    1330       1343
    ## 3223 2008     1         12         6    1036       1000    1121       1045
    ## 3224 2008     1         12         6    1039       1040    1135       1140
    ## 3225 2008     1         12         6    1040       1030    1225       1221
    ##      UniqueCarrier FlightNum TailNum ActualElapsedTime CRSElapsedTime
    ## 1               9E      5746  84129E               109            115
    ## 2               AA      1614  N438AA               151            155
    ## 3               YV      2883  N922FJ               148            149
    ## 4               9E      5743  89189E                86            105
    ## 5               AA      1157  N4XAAA                53             60
    ## 6               NW      1674   N967N               178            167
    ## 7               CO       340  N14604                49             55
    ## 8               XE       541  N18557               111            117
    ## 9               AA      1182  N4WAAA               169            175
    ## 10              B6      1060  N238JB               203            213
    ## 11              AA       652  N432AA                53             60
    ## 12              XE       519  N11194                71             77
    ## 13              CO      1573  N69351                57             59
    ## 14              XE       303  N13553               139            151
    ## 15              WN      3098  N750SA               152            150
    ## 16              AA      1958  N526AA                62             60
    ## 17              UA       657  N817UA               227            238
    ## 18              AA      1465  N4XPAA               194            190
    ## 19              WN        61  N609SW                79             85
    ## 20              B6      1061  N179JB               284            270
    ## 21              XE         1  N12166               179            201
    ## 22              OO      4009  N368CA               203            190
    ## 23              CO       440  N17229                50             57
    ## 24              AA      1199  N491AA               157            165
    ## 25              UA      1190  N374UA               144            142
    ## 26              XE       511  N11544                85            103
    ## 27              WN       297  N723SW               153            160
    ## 28              CO      1583  N59338                53             55
    ## 29              OH      5124  N692CA               123            126
    ## 30              EV      4677  N977EV               151            159
    ## 31              AA      1109  N404AA                57             60
    ## 32              AA       450  N406AA                62             60
    ## 33              US       435  N158AW               151            154
    ## 34              YV      7273  N509MJ               238            216
    ## 35              WN      3222  N639SW               151            160
    ## 36              AA       379  N455AA               187            200
    ## 37              XE      2252  N27152               208            194
    ## 38              AA      1743  N3CFAA                49             60
    ## 39              OO      2930  N507CA               115            115
    ## 40              WN      2677  N496WN               169            180
    ## 41              CO       640  N79402                56             58
    ## 42              WN      3481  N704SW               236            235
    ## 43              B6      1263  N273JB               293            285
    ## 44              WN      2949  N611SW               178            190
    ## 45              XE       311  N18557               114            127
    ## 46              NW      1728  N605NW               108            116
    ## 47              AA       421  N526AA                51             60
    ## 48              WN      3489  N462WN               161            180
    ## 49              XE         2  N12166               156            162
    ## 50              WN      1021  N247WN                61             65
    ## 51              WN      2985  N795SW               154            165
    ## 52              CO      1572  N59338                56             57
    ## 53              WN       513  N505SW               143            155
    ## 54              MQ      3355  N658AE                44             50
    ## 55              CO       441  N19621                57             57
    ## 56              AA       368  N4WTAA               150            150
    ## 57              AA       511  N404AA                62             60
    ## 58              WN       304  N638SW               165            170
    ## 59              XE       532  N11544               116            111
    ## 60              EV      4324  N707EV               126            139
    ## 61              US       225  N155AW               136            142
    ## 62              EV      4338  N977EV               121            128
    ## 63              WN        61  N609SW                52             55
    ## 64              AA      2024  N474AA                64             65
    ## 65              WN      2577  N738CB                42             45
    ## 66              XE       531  N18557                94            104
    ## 67              CO       741  N14653                57             57
    ## 68              AA      1477  N533AA                51             60
    ## 69              F9       215  N805FR               141            134
    ## 70              WN      1105  N614SW               121            135
    ## 71              AA       813  N526AA               192            200
    ## 72              MQ      3488  N658AE                48             55
    ## 73              WN      1838  N247WN               168            180
    ## 74              OO      2931  N507CA               112            110
    ## 75              AA      1717  N484AA                57             60
    ## 76              OH      5202  N679CA               273            218
    ## 77              WN      3152  N301SW                83             85
    ## 78              WN       501  N527SW                46             50
    ## 79              AA      2486  N491AA               157            155
    ## 80              XE      2366  N27152               168            165
    ## 81              NW      1727  N605NW                92            104
    ## 82              WN      2985  N795SW               188            205
    ## 83              YV      7276  N509MJ               169            187
    ## 84              UA       374  N834UA               213            205
    ## 85              WN       122  N430WN                50             50
    ## 86              XE       308  N11194               167            180
    ## 87              B6      1062  N179JB               194            222
    ## 88              AA      1198  N4WAAA               149            165
    ## 89              CO      1758  N19621                55             57
    ## 90              AA      1024  N530AA               193            200
    ## 91              DL       466  N901DE               117            125
    ## 92              AA       668  N552AA                73             60
    ## 93              CO       251  N16648               221            230
    ## 94              WN      3481  N704SW                97            100
    ## 95              AA      1545  N580AA               151            165
    ## 96              AA      1526  N533AA                56             60
    ## 97              WN       155  N394SW               153            160
    ## 98              MQ      3412  N649PP                45             55
    ## 99              WN       501  N527SW                58             60
    ## 100             CO      1540  N14653                54             57
    ## 101             OO      1991  N806SK               154            158
    ## 102             US       227  N311AW               126            142
    ## 103             AA      1308  N565AA               171            180
    ## 104             WN      1885  N688SW               168            180
    ## 105             WN       297  N723SW               129            145
    ## 106             OH      5339  N709CA               186            178
    ## 107             B6      1065  N265JB               266            254
    ## 108             B6      1264  N273JB               209            229
    ## 109             OO      4052  N668CA               155            163
    ## 110             AA       418  N484AA                54             60
    ## 111             WN      2124  N364SW                46             45
    ## 112             WN      1856  N483WN               107            120
    ## 113             WN       303  N639SW                51             50
    ## 114             CO       241  N59630                56             53
    ## 115             YV      7415  N511MJ               159            165
    ## 116             WN       813  N404WN               138            145
    ## 117             MQ      3503  N649PP                52             55
    ## 118             AA      1563  N4XMAA               120            135
    ## 119             WN      1417  N527SW                53             60
    ## 120             AA       422  N552AA                52             60
    ## 121             XE       612  N18557                76             77
    ## 122             CO       317  N14601               273            259
    ## 123             WN      3152  N301SW               162            180
    ## 124             WN       700  N661SW                49             50
    ## 125             AA      1053  N481AA               140            165
    ## 126             XE         2  N12166                73             75
    ## 127             MQ      3446  N655AE                58             55
    ## 128             CO      1541  N61304                63             54
    ## 129             OO      2932  N507CA               104            115
    ## 130             AA      1587  N589AA                52             60
    ## 131             XE        81  N11194                79             82
    ## 132             OO      5986  N705SK               129            125
    ## 133             WN       160  N427WN               234            230
    ## 134             WN      1105  N614SW                52             55
    ## 135             9E      5742  83909E               114            115
    ## 136             WN      2124  N364SW               139            135
    ## 137             XE       224  N14186                82             77
    ## 138             WN      2840  N358SW                36             45
    ## 139             OO      3906  N806SK               125            138
    ## 140             US       644  N155AW               164            154
    ## 141             AA       559  N201AA                66             60
    ## 142             WN      1292  N523SW                45             50
    ## 143             CO      1706  N59630                61             65
    ## 144             WN       304  N638SW               124            135
    ## 145             WN      1885  N688SW               175            190
    ## 146             WN      2719  N275WN               156            160
    ## 147             WN      1417  N527SW                51             55
    ## 148             WN       700  N661SW               142            155
    ## 149             OH      5026  N709CA               158            152
    ## 150             XE        80  N11193                76             88
    ## 151             CO       341  N14337                59             55
    ## 152             CO      1602  N61304                73             60
    ## 153             MQ      3374  N655AE                51             55
    ## 154             WN       112  N215WN               116            130
    ## 155             AA       346  N580AA               170            160
    ## 156             DL       615  N977DL               169            152
    ## 157             EV      4315  N718EV               146            159
    ## 158             WN      2840  N358SW                94            100
    ## 159             MQ      3375  N681AE                47             55
    ## 160             YV      2889  N925FJ               121            136
    ## 161             AA      1023  N589AA               209            225
    ## 162             F9       218  N812FR               117            124
    ## 163             AA      1215  N3APAA                53             60
    ## 164             WN      1292  N523SW                60             65
    ## 165             WN       330  N789SW                77             85
    ## 166             XE       224  N14186               182            201
    ## 167             WN       900  N404WN                48             55
    ## 168             AA      1646  N4XMAA               112            120
    ## 169             OO      2933  N507CA               110            110
    ## 170             UA       336  N366UA               112            122
    ## 171             9E      5747  83909E                98            110
    ## 172             WN      1856  N483WN                38             50
    ## 173             YV      7228  N511MJ               171            178
    ## 174             OH      5203  N695CA               281            313
    ## 175             WN       373  N799SW                45             50
    ## 176             US       493  N311AW               152            154
    ## 177             MQ      3400  N681AE                64             55
    ## 178             AA       463  N201AA                56             65
    ## 179             B6      1068  N265JB               196            223
    ## 180             CO       351  N14337               216            225
    ## 181             XE         4  N14188               164            162
    ## 182             MQ      3422  N670AE                51             55
    ## 183             WN       729  N525SW                61             65
    ## 184             AA      1622  N3BWAA               160            160
    ## 185             CO      1603  N19621                64             55
    ## 186             XE       315  N11193               109            127
    ## 187             AA      2402  N481AA               199            160
    ## 188             OO      4044  N668CA               170            190
    ## 189             WN      1609  N420WN                44             50
    ## 190             XE       600  N12563                89            103
    ## 191             WN       160  N427WN                63             70
    ## 192             AA       766  N3APAA                72             60
    ## 193             CO       620  N14601                69             59
    ## 194             UA      1291  N834UA               139            132
    ## 195             WN       460  N799SW                51             55
    ## 196             DL       693  N900DE               158            151
    ## 197             WN      2374  N325SW                56             55
    ## 198             DL       470  N977DL               116            131
    ## 199             AA      1703  N530AA               206            225
    ## 200             AA       563  N3CKAA                66             60
    ## 201             AA      2293  N410AA               148            170
    ## 202             XE       318  N12195                94            104
    ## 203             AA       502  N589AA               196            200
    ## 204             OO      5915  N705SK               199            156
    ## 205             AA       427  N565AA               189            195
    ## 206             MQ      3441  N670AE                52             55
    ## 207             AA      2246  N4XPAA               174            174
    ## 208             WN       729  N525SW                40             45
    ## 209             AA      1113  N258AA                49             60
    ## 210             WN      2384  N420WN               177            185
    ## 211             CO      1441  N37409                74             57
    ## 212             XE       209  N17560               113            117
    ## 213             AA      1051  N467AA               217            205
    ## 214             WN       330  N789SW               106            115
    ## 215             WN       112  N215WN                51             55
    ## 216             WN      2183  N371SW                39             45
    ## 217             MQ      3824  N649PP                56             50
    ## 218             WN      2904  N261WN               149            155
    ## 219             WN       870  N394SW               157            150
    ## 220             AA      1202  N556AA                69             60
    ## 221             WN      2461  N325SW                95             95
    ## 222             F9       219  N812FR               142            133
    ## 223             US       229  N334AW               131            144
    ## 224             XE       312  N12563               126            129
    ## 225             UA        80  N825UA               109            120
    ## 226             NW      1675  N1799U               143            168
    ## 227             AA      2059  N3CKAA                52             60
    ## 228             WN      2882  N602SW                44             50
    ## 229             WN      3334  N510SW               130            140
    ## 230             WN      2719  N275WN                43             45
    ## 231             WN       780  N248WN               119            125
    ## 232             WN      2183  N371SW               154            155
    ## 233             OO      5978  N715SK               169            165
    ## 234             WN      1124  N348SW                76             85
    ## 235             MQ      3443  N649PP                56             55
    ## 236             WN      3568  N704SW               150            165
    ## 237             CO       806  N69348               268            270
    ## 238             B6      1069  N184JB               295            254
    ## 239             AA      1731  N402AA                52             60
    ## 240             CO      1533  N76503                47             57
    ## 241             OO      4068  N340CA               160            163
    ## 242             F9       214  N924FR               113            121
    ## 243             WN       570  N315SW                38             45
    ## 244             AA       417  N498AA                62             60
    ## 245             XE      2793  N14105               269            200
    ## 246             OH      5085  N678CA               179            171
    ## 247             AA      2491  N4WLAA               146            165
    ## 248             AA      1129  N4XTAA                48             55
    ## 249             CO      1561  N17614                47             51
    ## 250             OO      5972  N726SK                NA            156
    ## 251             WN      2880                        NA             55
    ## 252             AA      1128                        NA             60
    ## 253             AA      1566                        NA             60
    ## 254             WN      2793                        NA             50
    ## 255             AA       479                        NA             60
    ## 256             CO       240  N37409                62             55
    ## 257             EV      4788  N718EV               151            129
    ## 258             AA      1157  N4WLAA                56             60
    ## 259             9E      5743  84129E               104            105
    ## 260             AA      1614  N4XTAA               157            155
    ## 261             WN       697  N348SW                60             65
    ## 262             XE      2976  N14105               194            170
    ## 263             F9       211  N924FR               142            135
    ## 264             OH      5044  N678CA               175            147
    ## 265             MQ      3362  N681AE                65             55
    ## 266             CO       852  N17614               203            208
    ## 267             WN       128  N261WN                49             55
    ## 268             WN       311  N510SW                46             45
    ## 269             WN      1028  N344SW                48             45
    ## 270             WN      3489  N325SW                82             85
    ## 271             AA       579  N498AA               211            225
    ## 272             NW      1674  N1799U               194            167
    ## 273             OO      5972  N715SK               170            156
    ## 274             AA      1182  N4YHAA               188            175
    ## 275             CO       340  N69348                56             55
    ## 276             XE       541  N11547               102            117
    ## 277             WN      2443  N672SW                45             50
    ## 278             WN       754  N704SW               142            155
    ## 279             WN      2974  N433LV                58             65
    ## 280             B6      1060  N184JB               197            213
    ## 281             XE         1  N14188               184            201
    ## 282             AA       652  N410AA                53             60
    ## 283             WN      1567  N315SW               162            150
    ## 284             WN       222  N602SW               110            115
    ## 285             XE       519  N12195                75             77
    ## 286             EV      4629  N754EV               145            153
    ## 287             DL      1590  N900DE               124            124
    ## 288             F9       212  N808FR               121            127
    ## 289             CO      1573  N76503                73             59
    ## 290             XE       303  N17560               133            151
    ## 291             CO      1841  N30401                51             52
    ## 292             WN      2524  N248WN                90            100
    ## 293             WN      1194  N348SW                54             60
    ## 294             YV      2883  N925FJ               134            149
    ## 295             WN      1028  N344SW                65             70
    ## 296             WN       906  N324SW                45             50
    ## 297             AA      1958  N473AA                58             60
    ## 298             MQ      3366  N681AE                48             60
    ## 299             AA      1465  N4XPAA               192            190
    ## 300             B6      1061  N203JB               255            270
    ## 301             OO      4009  N340CA               179            190
    ## 302             UA       657  N825UA               235            238
    ## 303             MQ      3890  N670AE                54             55
    ## 304             AA      1109  N482AA                57             60
    ## 305             WN      2530  N672SW                46             55
    ## 306             WN      3502  N608SW                43             45
    ## 307             CO       440  N19621                53             60
    ## 308             AA      1199  N412AA               146            165
    ## 309             WN      2974  N433LV                42             45
    ## 310             CO      1583  N14653                51             55
    ## 311             UA      1190  N366UA               152            142
    ## 312             OH      5124  N695CA               121            126
    ## 313             WN       297  N715SW               155            160
    ## 314             EV      4677  N931EV               159            159
    ## 315             WN      1137  N367SW               127            140
    ## 316             XE       511  N12563                85            103
    ## 317             AA       450  N467AA                59             60
    ## 318             US       435  N334AW               162            154
    ## 319             WN       478  N762SW               153            165
    ## 320             AA       379  N589AA               188            200
    ## 321             WN       513  N629SW                42             50
    ## 322             WN      3222  N639SW               169            160
    ## 323             WN      1194  N348SW                50             55
    ## 324             WN       906  N324SW               167            180
    ## 325             AA      1743  N3BWAA                56             60
    ## 326             WN      3949  N609SW               129            130
    ## 327             CO       350  N63305               254            265
    ## 328             AA      1810  N498AA               195            200
    ## 329             CO       640  N30401                58             58
    ## 330             B6      1263  N179JB               260            285
    ## 331             WN      3502  N608SW               167            190
    ## 332             MQ      3364  N670AE                57             55
    ## 333             XE      2252  N18102               196            194
    ## 334             OO      2930  N468CA               103            115
    ## 335             XE       311  N11547               120            127
    ## 336             XE         2  N14188               165            162
    ## 337             WN      3481  N266WN               214            235
    ## 338             WN      3489  N325SW               181            180
    ## 339             NW      1728   N943N               105            116
    ## 340             AA       421  N457AA                54             60
    ## 341             OH      5527  N679CA               207            170
    ## 342             AA       511  N482AA                55             60
    ## 343             YV      7273  N502MJ               201            216
    ## 344             WN      2985  N219WN               151            165
    ## 345             CO      1572  N14653                66             57
    ## 346             WN       513  N629SW               141            155
    ## 347             AA       368  N556AA               181            150
    ## 348             WN      2358  N343SW                41             45
    ## 349             CO       441  N16632                58             57
    ## 350             DL       453  N904DE               158            155
    ## 351             WN       304  N363SW               168            170
    ## 352             XE       532  N12563               114            111
    ## 353             EV      4324  N754EV               144            139
    ## 354             US       225  N168AW               139            142
    ## 355             WN      1751  N505SW                50             50
    ## 356             EV      4338  N931EV               143            128
    ## 357             AA      2024  N402AA                57             65
    ## 358             XE       531  N11547               113            104
    ## 359             CO       741  N14668                70             57
    ## 360             AA      1477  N4UBAA                57             60
    ## 361             WN        61  N367SW                49             55
    ## 362             MQ      3355  N649PP                50             50
    ## 363             WN      2445  N343SW                43             45
    ## 364             F9       215  N808FR               136            134
    ## 365             AA       813  N457AA               183            200
    ## 366             WN       154  N685SW               130            135
    ## 367             AA      1717  N289AA                55             60
    ## 368             OO      2931  N468CA               116            110
    ## 369             WN       501  N527SW                48             50
    ## 370             AA      2486  N412AA               180            155
    ## 371             UA       374  N824UA               213            205
    ## 372             WN      1001  N418WN                79             85
    ## 373             WN      1838  N505SW               165            180
    ## 374             WN      1422  N762SW               111            110
    ## 375             WN      2985  N219WN               184            205
    ## 376             B6      1062  N203JB               198            222
    ## 377             CO       251  N16632               283            230
    ## 378             NW      1727   N943N                96            104
    ## 379             MQ      3488  N649PP                55             55
    ## 380             AA      1024  N4WJAA               219            200
    ## 381             WN      3949  N609SW                51             50
    ## 382             DL       466  N904DE               126            125
    ## 383             OH      5202  N679CA               241            218
    ## 384             XE       308  N12195               163            180
    ## 385             YV      7276  N502MJ               186            187
    ## 386             AA       668  N578AA                57             60
    ## 387             WN      3481  N266WN                91            100
    ## 388             AA      1198  N4YHAA               148            165
    ## 389             AA      1526  N4UBAA                55             60
    ## 390             CO      1758  N14668                51             57
    ## 391             WN       501  N527SW                59             60
    ## 392             CO      1540  N63305                48             57
    ## 393             AA      1308  N4WWAA               166            180
    ## 394             WN       687  N624SW               171            180
    ## 395             B6      1264  N179JB               221            229
    ## 396             US       227  N164AW               128            142
    ## 397             XE      2366  N18102               188            165
    ## 398             OO      1991  N812SK               143            158
    ## 399             AA      1545  N577AA               137            165
    ## 400             MQ      3412  N649PP                70             55
    ## 401             AA       418  N289AA                64             60
    ## 402             WN       297  N715SW               128            145
    ## 403             B6      1065  N229JB               233            254
    ## 404             WN       112  N506SW                51             50
    ## 405             CO       241  N19638                56             53
    ## 406             9E      5742  84589E               102            115
    ## 407             WN       155  N305SW               167            160
    ## 408             OO      4052  N606SK               172            163
    ## 409             WN      1856  N441WN               114            120
    ## 410             WN      2124  N606SW                39             45
    ## 411             YV      7415  N501MJ               157            165
    ## 412             OO      2932  N468CA               101            115
    ## 413             DL       615  N933DL               147            152
    ## 414             WN       303  N639SW                47             50
    ## 415             AA      1563  N4YUAA               112            135
    ## 416             AA      1587  N404AA                54             60
    ## 417             WN       700  N634SW                42             50
    ## 418             WN      1417  N527SW                58             60
    ## 419             AA       422  N578AA                55             60
    ## 420             AA      1053  N227AA               149            165
    ## 421             MQ      3446  N670AE                52             55
    ## 422             XE       612  N11547                84             77
    ## 423             WN      1001  N418WN               180            180
    ## 424             OO      5986  N715SK               122            125
    ## 425             CO       317  N17663               241            259
    ## 426             XE       224  N12166                65             77
    ## 427             WN       160  N211WN               203            230
    ## 428             WN       112  N506SW                55             50
    ## 429             MQ      3503  N649PP                68             55
    ## 430             WN       154  N685SW                50             55
    ## 431             WN      2124  N606SW               148            135
    ## 432             WN       813  N694SW               120            145
    ## 433             XE         2  N14188                68             75
    ## 434             XE      2890  N14991                49             53
    ## 435             XE        81  N12195                77             82
    ## 436             AA      1023  N498AA               213            225
    ## 437             OO      3906  N812SK               129            138
    ## 438             AA       559  N438AA                57             60
    ## 439             CO      1706  N19638                59             65
    ## 440             US       644  N168AW               149            154
    ## 441             OH      5339  N784CA               165            178
    ## 442             WN       700  N634SW               145            155
    ## 443             WN      3595  N389SW                45             50
    ## 444             AA      1128  N404AA                59             60
    ## 445             WN      1417  N527SW                49             55
    ## 446             WN       304  N363SW               128            135
    ## 447             MQ      3374  N670AE                50             55
    ## 448             CO       341  N10323                53             55
    ## 449             WN      2529  N719SW               146            160
    ## 450             9E      5747  84589E               104            110
    ## 451             MQ      3375  N677AE                54             55
    ## 452             XE        80  N14162                72             88
    ## 453             DL       470  N933DL               135            131
    ## 454             XE      2638  N14991                65             54
    ## 455             EV      4315  N354CA               141            159
    ## 456             OO      2933  N468CA               117            110
    ## 457             WN       231  N296WN                41             45
    ## 458             YV      2889  N931LR               133            136
    ## 459             WN      3409  N503SW               122            130
    ## 460             WN      3595  N389SW                57             65
    ## 461             WN       330  N784SW                78             85
    ## 462             AA       346  N577AA               184            160
    ## 463             AA      1215  N3CVAA                52             60
    ## 464             YV      7228  N501MJ               182            178
    ## 465             XE       224  N12166               191            201
    ## 466             AA       463  N438AA                58             65
    ## 467             AA      1646  N4YUAA               130            120
    ## 468             XE       600  N16561                93            103
    ## 469             UA       336  N332UA               118            122
    ## 470             WN      1856  N441WN                56             50
    ## 471             MQ      3400  N677AE                51             55
    ## 472             OH      5026  N784CA               160            152
    ## 473             US       493  N164AW               154            154
    ## 474             XE         4  N16178               152            162
    ## 475             WN       900  N694SW                52             55
    ## 476             AA       502  N498AA               184            200
    ## 477             WN       231  N296WN                90            100
    ## 478             WN      2793  N506SW                43             50
    ## 479             OH      5203  N689CA               270            313
    ## 480             MQ      3422  N933JN                68             55
    ## 481             AA       479  N485AA                56             60
    ## 482             AA      2402  N227AA               201            160
    ## 483             UA      1291  N824UA               133            132
    ## 484             CO      1603  N14604                52             55
    ## 485             B6      1068  N229JB               220            223
    ## 486             XE       315  N14162               124            127
    ## 487             WN       687  N211WN               176            190
    ## 488             AA       563  N3CKAA                53             60
    ## 489             OO      5915  N715SK               160            156
    ## 490             AA      2293  N477AA               147            170
    ## 491             OO      4044  N606SK               173            190
    ## 492             WN       555  N512SW                59             65
    ## 493             AA       766  N3CVAA                57             60
    ## 494             EV      4758  N354CA               117            129
    ## 495             CO       620  N17663                65             59
    ## 496             WN      1760  N337SW                47             50
    ## 497             CO       351  N10323               243            225
    ## 498             DL       693  N901DE               137            151
    ## 499             AA      1113  N4UBAA                61             60
    ## 500             AA       427  N4WWAA               184            195
    ## 501             WN      2880  N506SW                46             55
    ## 502             XE       318  N12201                97            104
    ## 503             AA      1703  N4WJAA               226            225
    ## 504             WN      2374  N355SW                55             55
    ## 505             WN       160  N305SW                65             70
    ## 506             AA      1051  N432AA               194            205
    ## 507             MQ      3441  N933JN                69             55
    ## 508             XE       312  N16561               138            129
    ## 509             AA      1566  N485AA                76             60
    ## 510             UA        80  N422UA               130            120
    ## 511             AA      2246  N4XGAA               161            174
    ## 512             CO      1441  N79402                53             57
    ## 513             WN       330  N784SW               110            115
    ## 514             AA      1202  N592AA                55             60
    ## 515             NW      1675  N605NW               157            168
    ## 516             XE       209  N26549               114            117
    ## 517             WN       555  N512SW                39             45
    ## 518             OO      4068  N340CA               190            163
    ## 519             WN      1312  N507SW                48             50
    ## 520             AA      2059  N3CKAA                54             60
    ## 521             WN      3862  N337SW               171            185
    ## 522             US       229  N332AW               133            144
    ## 523             WN      3409  N503SW                50             55
    ## 524             WN      2183  N521SW                41             45
    ## 525             WN      3334  N225WN               127            140
    ## 526             WN      3568  N266WN               136            165
    ## 527             WN       780  N458WN               114            125
    ## 528             WN       870  N355SW               154            150
    ## 529             9E      5746  88839E               110            115
    ## 530             AA      1622  N3CSAA               164            160
    ## 531             AA      1731  N507AA                53             60
    ## 532             B6      1069  N273JB               282            254
    ## 533             WN      1399  N507SW                46             50
    ## 534             WN      2461  N719SW                89             95
    ## 535             WN      2183  N521SW               145            155
    ## 536             WN      1671  N664WN                79             85
    ## 537             XE      2793  N18114               191            200
    ## 538             F9       214  N929FR               117            121
    ## 539             WN       570  N504SW                37             45
    ## 540             OO      5978  N778SK               154            165
    ## 541             CO      1533  N16234                59             57
    ## 542             CO       806  N39343               243            270
    ## 543             OH      5085  N709CA               193            176
    ## 544             EV      4595  N659CA               148            156
    ## 545             WN      2969  N325SW                44             50
    ## 546             WN      2021  N250WN               142            155
    ## 547             AA      1129  N446AA                39             55
    ## 548             WN      2529  N266WN                36             45
    ## 549             CO      1561  N11651                56             51
    ## 550             AA       417  N482AA                52             60
    ## 551             AA      2491  N521AA               137            165
    ## 552             WN       460                        NA             55
    ## 553             MQ      3443                        NA             55
    ## 554             WN       373                        NA             50
    ## 555             MQ      3824                        NA             50
    ## 556             CO       240  N79402                65             55
    ## 557             MQ      3362  N649PP                60             55
    ## 558             YV      2883  N931LR               154            149
    ## 559             9E      5743  88839E                97            105
    ## 560             AA      1157  N4XGAA                49             60
    ## 561             AA      1614  N4UBAA               161            155
    ## 562             EV      4788  N659CA               173            129
    ## 563             WN       697  N664WN                58             65
    ## 564             XE      2976  N18114               178            170
    ## 565             OH      5574  N709CA               166            152
    ## 566             F9       211  N929FR               132            135
    ## 567             CO       852  N14604               230            208
    ## 568             WN       128  N225WN                50             55
    ## 569             WN       311  N504SW                46             45
    ## 570             WN      1028  N214WN                40             45
    ## 571             AA       579  N446AA               237            225
    ## 572             WN      3489  N719SW                78             85
    ## 573             OO      5972  N778SK               161            156
    ## 574             WN      2443  N304SW                44             50
    ## 575             AA      1182  N4WWAA               165            175
    ## 576             NW      1674  N605NW               174            167
    ## 577             WN      2974  N447WN                60             65
    ## 578             XE       541  N11544               108            117
    ## 579             CO       340  N39343                64             55
    ## 580             WN       754  N250WN               149            155
    ## 581             B6      1060  N273JB               225            213
    ## 582             WN       222  N624SW               114            115
    ## 583             AA       652  N482AA                60             60
    ## 584             MQ      3366  N649PP                51             60
    ## 585             XE         1  N16178               188            201
    ## 586             WN      1567  N325SW               154            150
    ## 587             DL      1590  N901DE               124            124
    ## 588             CO      1573  N16234                70             59
    ## 589             WN      2524  N458WN                90            100
    ## 590             XE       519  N12201                74             77
    ## 591             CO      1841  N79402                51             52
    ## 592             WN      1194  N664WN                52             60
    ## 593             F9       212  N809FR               117            127
    ## 594             WN      1028  N214WN                66             70
    ## 595             WN       906  N301SW                43             50
    ## 596             AA      1958  N498AA                58             60
    ## 597             XE       303  N27200               139            151
    ## 598             UA       657  N422UA               281            238
    ## 599             MQ      3890  N933JN                49             55
    ## 600             AA      1465  N521AA               192            190
    ## 601             AA      1109  N4XGAA                53             60
    ## 602             B6      1061  N187JB               232            270
    ## 603             WN       478  N403WN               145            165
    ## 604             OO      4009  N340CA               179            190
    ## 605             WN      3502  N601WN                43             45
    ## 606             CO       440  N11651                51             60
    ## 607             WN       297  N743SW               148            160
    ## 608             CO      1583  N59630                46             55
    ## 609             WN      2974  N447WN                39             45
    ## 610             UA      1190  N332UA               133            142
    ## 611             AA      1199  N466AA               149            165
    ## 612             OH      5124  N689CA               131            126
    ## 613             AA       450  N477AA                67             60
    ## 614             US       435  N332AW               155            154
    ## 615             YV      7273  N501MJ               210            216
    ## 616             EV      4677  N932EV               142            159
    ## 617             WN      2530  N304SW                48             55
    ## 618             WN      1137  N520SW               128            140
    ## 619             AA       379  N592AA               186            200
    ## 620             WN      3949  N323SW               123            130
    ## 621             WN      1194  N664WN                48             55
    ## 622             WN       906  N301SW               175            180
    ## 623             XE         2  N16178               154            162
    ## 624             B6      1263  N249JB               250            285
    ## 625             WN      3222  N309SW               149            160
    ## 626             OH      5527  N679CA               215            170
    ## 627             AA      1743  N3CSAA                79             60
    ## 628             CO       640  N79402                62             58
    ## 629             MQ      3364  N933JN                52             55
    ## 630             XE      2252  N21130               196            194
    ## 631             XE       511  N16561                94            103
    ## 632             AA      1810  N446AA               195            200
    ## 633             WN      3502  N601WN               185            190
    ## 634             WN       513  N513SW                42             50
    ## 635             XE       311  N11544               111            127
    ## 636             NW      1728   N9336               113            116
    ## 637             AA       421  N494AA                48             60
    ## 638             WN      3489  N719SW               177            180
    ## 639             AA       511  N4XGAA                75             60
    ## 640             WN      2985  N727SW               152            165
    ## 641             CO      1572  N59630                51             57
    ## 642             CO       350  N14336               246            265
    ## 643             WN      1751  N509SW                42             50
    ## 644             WN      2358  N651SW                37             45
    ## 645             MQ      3355  N677AE                50             50
    ## 646             AA       368  N432AA               146            150
    ## 647             WN      3481  N767SW               201            235
    ## 648             OO      2930  N495CA               104            115
    ## 649             WN       513  N513SW               148            155
    ## 650             WN       304  N326SW               160            170
    ## 651             US       225  N166AW               131            142
    ## 652             EV      4338  N932EV               139            128
    ## 653             CO       441  N11612                51             57
    ## 654             AA      1477  N543AA                48             60
    ## 655             EV      4179  N707EV               146            161
    ## 656             AA      2024  N507AA                67             65
    ## 657             WN      1422  N403WN               106            110
    ## 658             CO       741  N69603                52             57
    ## 659             XE       531  N11544               106            104
    ## 660             WN      2445  N651SW                38             45
    ## 661             AA       813  N494AA               195            200
    ## 662             XE       532  N16561               115            111
    ## 663             WN       154  N353SW               123            135
    ## 664             F9       215  N809FR               138            134
    ## 665             WN      1838  N509SW               185            180
    ## 666             WN        61  N520SW                59             55
    ## 667             MQ      3488  N677AE                52             55
    ## 668             WN      1001  N485WN                78             85
    ## 669             AA      1717  N540AA                49             60
    ## 670             WN       501  N515SW                45             50
    ## 671             AA      2486  N466AA               153            155
    ## 672             YV      7276  N501MJ               176            187
    ## 673             NW      1727   N9336               106            104
    ## 674             B6      1062  N187JB               225            222
    ## 675             OH      5202  N679CA               270            218
    ## 676             XE      2366  N21130               183            165
    ## 677             OO      2931  N495CA               103            110
    ## 678             CO       251  N11612               240            230
    ## 679             AA      1198  N543AA               157            165
    ## 680             AA      1526  N4WWAA                68             60
    ## 681             AA      1024  N298AA               189            200
    ## 682             WN      3949  N323SW                52             50
    ## 683             CO      1758  N69603                66             57
    ## 684             WN      2985  N727SW               209            205
    ## 685             XE       308  N12201               154            180
    ## 686             MQ      3412  N677AE                50             55
    ## 687             EV      4744  N707EV               121            126
    ## 688             AA       668  N452AA                65             60
    ## 689             WN      3481  N767SW                94            100
    ## 690             WN       501  N515SW                58             60
    ## 691             WN       155  N238WN               148            160
    ## 692             B6      1264  N249JB               238            229
    ## 693             AA      1308  N4YBAA               178            180
    ## 694             US       227  N308AW               130            142
    ## 695             WN       687  N663SW               165            180
    ## 696             WN       297  N743SW               147            145
    ## 697             AA       418  N540AA                56             60
    ## 698             OH      5339  N962CA               148            178
    ## 699             CO      1540  N14336                61             57
    ## 700             EV      4882  N889AS               132            152
    ## 701             WN      2124  N646SW                36             45
    ## 702             9E      5742  88839E               110            115
    ## 703             B6      1065  N266JB               239            254
    ## 704             CO       241  N69602                45             53
    ## 705             OO      5986  N762SK               157            125
    ## 706             WN      1856  N731SA               108            120
    ## 707             XE         2  N16178                72             75
    ## 708             MQ      3503  N677AE                57             55
    ## 709             AA      1545  N501AA               149            165
    ## 710             WN       303  N309SW                51             50
    ## 711             AA      1053  N489AA               160            165
    ## 712             AA      1563  N407AA               116            135
    ## 713             WN      1001  N485WN               177            180
    ## 714             YV      7415  N503MJ               152            165
    ## 715             WN      1417  N515SW                56             60
    ## 716             AA      1587  N585AA                52             60
    ## 717             WN       700  N678AA                44             50
    ## 718             OO      4012  N608SK               156            163
    ## 719             MQ      3446  N933JN                46             55
    ## 720             XE       612  N11544                70             77
    ## 721             AA       422  N452AA                71             60
    ## 722             WN       813  N679AA               125            145
    ## 723             CO      1541  N12318                45             54
    ## 724             WN       160  N783SW               198            230
    ## 725             OO      2932  N495CA               103            115
    ## 726             WN      2124  N646SW               141            135
    ## 727             XE        81  N12201                82             82
    ## 728             CO       317  N14645               247            259
    ## 729             WN       154  N353SW                54             55
    ## 730             US       644  N166AW               152            154
    ## 731             CO      1706  N69602                63             65
    ## 732             EV      4325  N889AS               131            129
    ## 733             EV      4161  N741EV               131            156
    ## 734             OH      5026  N962CA               151            152
    ## 735             AA      1023  N446AA               235            225
    ## 736             WN       700  N678AA               159            155
    ## 737             WN       687  N663SW               182            190
    ## 738             XE       224  N11194                62             77
    ## 739             WN       304  N326SW               126            135
    ## 740             MQ      3374  N933JN                55             55
    ## 741             AA      1128  N585AA                60             60
    ## 742             AA       559  N4YHAA                56             60
    ## 743             WN      1417  N515SW                55             55
    ## 744             XE        80  N11191                80             88
    ## 745             CO       341  N14341                57             55
    ## 746             WN      2529  N453WN               145            160
    ## 747             WN       231  N787SA                43             45
    ## 748             9E      5747  88839E                98            110
    ## 749             CO      1602  N12318                56             60
    ## 750             MQ      3375  N624AE                57             55
    ## 751             WN      3595  N527SW                43             50
    ## 752             WN      3409  N519SW               123            130
    ## 753             WN      2793  N511SW                40             50
    ## 754             AA      1215  N3BDAA                49             60
    ## 755             EV      4315  N758EV               137            159
    ## 756             UA       336  N349UA               111            122
    ## 757             WN       330  N236WN                81             85
    ## 758             OO      2933  N495CA               109            110
    ## 759             F9       218  N807FR               108            124
    ## 760             YV      2889  N908FJ               131            136
    ## 761             XE       600  N11551                83            103
    ## 762             AA      1646  N407AA               123            120
    ## 763             EV      4532  N741EV               123            131
    ## 764             XE       224  N11194               196            201
    ## 765             WN       900  N679AA                52             55
    ## 766             AA       346  N501AA               157            160
    ## 767             WN       231  N787SA                86            100
    ## 768             WN      1856  N731SA                39             50
    ## 769             YV      7228  N503MJ               187            178
    ## 770             WN      3595  N527SW                58             65
    ## 771             CO       351  N14341               230            225
    ## 772             AA       463  N4YHAA                62             65
    ## 773             MQ      3400  N624AE                63             55
    ## 774             B6      1068  N266JB               226            223
    ## 775             US       493  N308AW               156            154
    ## 776             AA      2402  N489AA               161            160
    ## 777             MQ      3422  N653AE                45             55
    ## 778             WN       160  N783SW                67             70
    ## 779             WN      2880  N511SW                54             55
    ## 780             AA      2293  N279AA               152            170
    ## 781             CO      1603  N13624                58             55
    ## 782             XE         4  N14203               154            162
    ## 783             WN       870  N238WN               184            150
    ## 784             OO      5915  N762SK               166            156
    ## 785             AA       479  N526AA                50             60
    ## 786             XE       315  N11191               122            127
    ## 787             AA       563  N599AA                65             60
    ## 788             AA       766  N3BDAA                68             60
    ## 789             AA       502  N446AA               185            200
    ## 790             WN      1760  N640SW                49             50
    ## 791             CO       620  N14645                62             59
    ## 792             AA      1703  N298AA               248            225
    ## 793             OO      4131  N608SK               183            190
    ## 794             WN       555  N506SW                56             65
    ## 795             OH      5203  N693CA               240            320
    ## 796             DL       693  N984DL               138            151
    ## 797             XE       312  N11551               130            129
    ## 798             AA      1622  N3CKAA               156            160
    ## 799             WN      2374  N379SW                50             55
    ## 800             MQ      3441  N653AE                52             55
    ## 801             XE       318  N12175                93            104
    ## 802             AA       427  N4YBAA               198            195
    ## 803             AA      1113  N4WWAA                51             60
    ## 804             WN      2183  N505SW                54             45
    ## 805             AA      2246  N200AA               168            174
    ## 806             UA        80  N843UA               107            120
    ## 807             AA      1566  N526AA                48             60
    ## 808             CO      1441  N37408                62             57
    ## 809             MQ      3824  N677AE                44             50
    ## 810             WN       330  N236WN               112            115
    ## 811             XE       209  N13553               114            117
    ## 812             NW      1675  N916RW               179            168
    ## 813             OO      4074  N613SK               159            163
    ## 814             WN      3862  N640SW               172            185
    ## 815             AA      1051  N410AA               180            205
    ## 816             WN       555  N506SW                42             45
    ## 817             WN      3409  N519SW                54             55
    ## 818             AA      1202  N475AA                53             60
    ## 819             AA      2059  N599AA                74             60
    ## 820             9E      5746  89089E               109            115
    ## 821             WN      3334  N635SW               124            140
    ## 822             WN      1312  N501SW                47             50
    ## 823             OO      5978  N726SK               157            165
    ## 824             WN      2461  N379SW                94             95
    ## 825             F9       219  N807FR               148            133
    ## 826             WN       780  N773SA               122            125
    ## 827             WN      2183  N505SW               142            155
    ## 828             WN      3568  N767SW               136            165
    ## 829             XE      2793  N21144               202            200
    ## 830             WN      2969  N642WN                44             50
    ## 831             US       229  N302AW               135            144
    ## 832             WN      2529  N453WN                35             45
    ## 833             CO       806  N76354               244            270
    ## 834             MQ      3443  N677AE                51             55
    ## 835             B6      1069  N179JB               243            254
    ## 836             AA      1731  N486AA                50             60
    ## 837             WN      1399  N501SW                47             50
    ## 838             OH      5085  N786CA               153            176
    ## 839             WN      2021  N499WN               146            155
    ## 840             OH      5579  N378CA               143            156
    ## 841             CO      1533  N37287                67             57
    ## 842             AA       417  N539AA                50             60
    ## 843             WN       570  N503SW                41             45
    ## 844             AA      2491  N4WNAA               140            165
    ## 845             F9       214  N937FR               109            121
    ## 846             WN      1671  N684WN                75             85
    ## 847             CO      1561  N11656                51             51
    ## 848             AA      1129  N483AA                46             55
    ## 849             UA      1291                        NA            132
    ## 850             WN       460                        NA             55
    ## 851             WN       112                        NA             50
    ## 852             UA       374                        NA            205
    ## 853             WN       112                        NA             50
    ## 854             WN       373                        NA             50
    ## 855             CO       240  N37408                51             55
    ## 856             MQ      3362  N677AE                62             55
    ## 857             AA      1614  N200AA               192            155
    ## 858             EV      4788  N758EV               158            129
    ## 859             YV      2883  N908FJ               149            149
    ## 860             AA      1157  N4WNAA                70             60
    ## 861             WN       697  N642WN                64             65
    ## 862             OH      5574  N786CA               160            152
    ## 863             F9       211  N937FR               150            135
    ## 864             9E      5743  89089E               117            105
    ## 865             CO       852  N13624               224            208
    ## 866             WN       311  N503SW                51             45
    ## 867             WN       128  N499WN                49             55
    ## 868             WN      3489  N379SW                78             85
    ## 869             AA       579  N483AA               246            225
    ## 870             WN      1028  N667SW                41             45
    ## 871             NW      1674  N916RW               175            167
    ## 872             OO      5972  N726SK               171            156
    ## 873             XE      2976  N21144               183            170
    ## 874             WN      2443  N364SW                43             50
    ## 875             WN       754  N767SW               156            155
    ## 876             B6      1060  N179JB               226            213
    ## 877             WN      2974  N753SW                58             65
    ## 878             XE       541  N12552               128            117
    ## 879             AA       652  N446AA                80             60
    ## 880             CO       340  N11656                72             55
    ## 881             WN      1567  N684WN               158            150
    ## 882             XE         1  N12175               196            201
    ## 883             MQ      3366  N677AE                50             60
    ## 884             AA      1182  N259AA               168            175
    ## 885             WN       222  N635SW               120            115
    ## 886             DL      1590  N984DL               133            124
    ## 887             XE       519  N14203                83             77
    ## 888             WN      2524  N773SA               102            100
    ## 889             CO      1841  N32404                56             52
    ## 890             CO      1573  N76354                51             59
    ## 891             XE       303  N13553               152            151
    ## 892             F9       212  N804FR               121            127
    ## 893             WN      1194  N642WN                54             60
    ## 894             WN       906  N643SW                44             50
    ## 895             AA      1958  N475AA                73             60
    ## 896             WN      1028  N667SW                69             70
    ## 897             UA       657  N843UA               427            238
    ## 898             WN       478  N794SW               147            165
    ## 899             AA      1465  N539AA               216            190
    ## 900             B6      1061  N216JB               242            270
    ## 901             OO      4009  N613SK               180            190
    ## 902             AA      1109  N426AA                47             60
    ## 903             WN      2530  N364SW                50             55
    ## 904             WN      1137  N658SW               123            140
    ## 905             CO       440  N37287                86             57
    ## 906             WN       297  N456WN               147            160
    ## 907             UA      1190  N349UA               139            142
    ## 908             WN      2974  N753SW                42             45
    ## 909             WN      3502  N392SW                43             45
    ## 910             XE       511  N11551                87            103
    ## 911             EV      4677  N680BR               124            159
    ## 912             OH      5124  N693CA               141            126
    ## 913             AA       450  N279AA                70             60
    ## 914             CO      1583  N11656                51             55
    ## 915             US       435  N302AW               181            154
    ## 916             WN       513  N329SW                43             50
    ## 917             WN      3949  N605SW               124            130
    ## 918             WN      3222  N626SW               145            160
    ## 919             B6      1263  N265JB               281            285
    ## 920             CO       350  N63305               258            265
    ## 921             WN      1194  N642WN                55             55
    ## 922             AA       379  N4WWAA               221            200
    ## 923             AA      1743  N3CKAA                77             60
    ## 924             XE      2252  N17108               193            194
    ## 925             OO      2930  N471CA               109            115
    ## 926             WN       906  N643SW               177            180
    ## 927             AA      1199  N432AA               147            165
    ## 928             CO       640  N32404                61             58
    ## 929             AA      1810  N483AA               188            200
    ## 930             OH      5527  N679CA               161            170
    ## 931             WN      3481  N275WN               212            235
    ## 932             XE         2  N12163               165            162
    ## 933             NW      1728   N9343               109            116
    ## 934             WN      3489  N379SW               180            180
    ## 935             XE       311  N12552               121            127
    ## 936             WN      3502  N392SW               180            190
    ## 937             AA       421  N475AA                55             60
    ## 938             WN      2985  N459WN               142            165
    ## 939             AA       511  N426AA                62             60
    ## 940             WN      1751  N522SW                43             50
    ## 941             WN       513  N329SW               168            155
    ## 942             MQ      3355  N624AE                50             50
    ## 943             WN      2358  N625SW                42             45
    ## 944             CO      1572  N11656                65             57
    ## 945             AA       368  N410AA               144            150
    ## 946             YV      7273  N503MJ               202            216
    ## 947             DL      1255  N920DL               160            155
    ## 948             US       225  N164AW               136            142
    ## 949             CO       441  N17644                48             57
    ## 950             XE       532  N11551               126            111
    ## 951             EV      4338  N680BR               123            128
    ## 952             AA      1477  N518AA                66             60
    ## 953             WN        61  N658SW                48             55
    ## 954             AA      2024  N486AA                70             65
    ## 955             WN      1422  N794SW               108            110
    ## 956             WN       304  N646SW               169            170
    ## 957             OH      5580  N378CA               145            140
    ## 958             CO       741  N17614                56             57
    ## 959             XE       531  N12552               113            104
    ## 960             WN      2445  N625SW                38             45
    ## 961             AA       813  N475AA               213            200
    ## 962             F9       215  N804FR               141            134
    ## 963             MQ      3488  N624AE                49             55
    ## 964             OO      2931  N471CA               101            110
    ## 965             WN      1838  N522SW               177            180
    ## 966             WN      1001  N462WN                80             85
    ## 967             AA      1717  N574AA                59             60
    ## 968             WN       501  N523SW                45             50
    ## 969             OH      5202  N679CA               209            218
    ## 970             WN       154  N376SW               129            135
    ## 971             XE      2366  N17108               188            165
    ## 972             NW      1727   N9343               100            104
    ## 973             B6      1062  N216JB               240            222
    ## 974             WN      2985  N459WN               202            205
    ## 975             AA      2486  N432AA               149            155
    ## 976             XE       308  N14203               173            180
    ## 977             WN      3949  N605SW                47             50
    ## 978             AA      1198  N518AA               167            165
    ## 979             CO       251  N17644               220            230
    ## 980             CO      1758  N17614                66             57
    ## 981             AA      1545  N445AA               145            165
    ## 982             DL      1254  N920DL               125            125
    ## 983             AA       668  N413AA                56             60
    ## 984             WN      3481  N275WN                97            100
    ## 985             AA      1526  N259AA                71             60
    ## 986             MQ      3412  N624AE                49             55
    ## 987             WN       501  N523SW                64             60
    ## 988             YV      7276  N503MJ               190            187
    ## 989             CO      1540  N63305                66             57
    ## 990             AA      1024  N437AA               188            200
    ## 991             WN       687  N665WN               166            180
    ## 992             AA      1308  N4XFAA               158            180
    ## 993             B6      1264  N265JB               226            229
    ## 994             US       227  N157AW               133            142
    ## 995             YV      7415  N511MJ               160            165
    ## 996             WN       297  N456WN               133            145
    ## 997             EV      4882  N981EV               134            152
    ## 998             AA       418  N574AA                62             60
    ## 999             WN       112  N338SW                44             50
    ## 1000            OH      5339  N973CA               156            178
    ## 1001            B6      1065  N281JB               241            254
    ## 1002            WN       155  N397SW               144            160
    ## 1003            WN      2124  N312SW                40             45
    ## 1004            9E      5742  84779E               105            115
    ## 1005            AA      1587  N563AA                52             60
    ## 1006            OO      4012  N608SK               158            163
    ## 1007            WN       303  N626SW                53             50
    ## 1008            MQ      3503  N624AE                54             55
    ## 1009            CO       241  N58606                49             53
    ## 1010            WN      1856  N758SW               114            120
    ## 1011            OO      2932  N471CA               121            115
    ## 1012            WN       700  N325SW                47             50
    ## 1013            OO      5986  N726SK               127            125
    ## 1014            AA      1563  N4YFAA               120            135
    ## 1015            WN       813  N350SW               126            145
    ## 1016            WN      1417  N523SW                55             60
    ## 1017            WN      1001  N462WN               176            180
    ## 1018            AA       422  N413AA                67             60
    ## 1019            AA      1053  N253AA               152            165
    ## 1020            CO       317  N19638               235            259
    ## 1021            WN       160  N248WN               200            230
    ## 1022            XE         2  N12163                74             75
    ## 1023            XE       612  N12552                80             77
    ## 1024            XE        81  N14203                76             82
    ## 1025            WN       112  N338SW                46             50
    ## 1026            WN      2124  N312SW               130            135
    ## 1027            CO      1541  N59338                54             54
    ## 1028            AA      1023  N483AA               251            225
    ## 1029            EV      4161  N868AS               142            160
    ## 1030            WN       154  N376SW                52             55
    ## 1031            AA       559  N4WAAA                50             60
    ## 1032            US       644  N164AW               153            154
    ## 1033            EV      4325  N981EV               134            129
    ## 1034            AA      1128  N563AA                66             60
    ## 1035            WN       700  N325SW               153            155
    ## 1036            WN      3595  N505SW                47             50
    ## 1037            CO      1706  N58606                60             65
    ## 1038            OH      5026  N973CA               156            152
    ## 1039            WN       687  N665WN               178            190
    ## 1040            WN      1417  N523SW                52             55
    ## 1041            XE        80  N19554                76             88
    ## 1042            CO       341  N14320                49             55
    ## 1043            AA       346  N445AA               145            160
    ## 1044            UA       374  N844UA               237            205
    ## 1045            9E      5747  84779E               108            110
    ## 1046            WN       231  N402WN                44             45
    ## 1047            MQ      3375  N633AE                54             55
    ## 1048            WN      3409  N514SW               121            130
    ## 1049            F9       218  N801FR               121            124
    ## 1050            WN      2793  N528SW                47             50
    ## 1051            YV      2889  N910FJ               130            136
    ## 1052            WN       304  N646SW               131            135
    ## 1053            WN      2529  N256WN               142            160
    ## 1054            CO      1602  N59338                70             60
    ## 1055            WN      3595  N505SW                58             65
    ## 1056            UA       336  N372UA               117            122
    ## 1057            AA      1215  N3DEAA                54             60
    ## 1058            OO      2933  N471CA               106            110
    ## 1059            EV      4315  N758EV               143            159
    ## 1060            XE       600  N12563                87            103
    ## 1061            WN       900  N350SW                51             55
    ## 1062            YV      7228  N511MJ               174            178
    ## 1063            AA       463  N4WAAA                75             65
    ## 1064            AA      1646  N4YFAA               106            120
    ## 1065            EV      4532  N868AS               151            135
    ## 1066            XE       224  N16178                71             77
    ## 1067            WN       231  N402WN                95            100
    ## 1068            WN      1856  N758SW                38             50
    ## 1069            CO       351  N14320               214            225
    ## 1070            WN       373  N338SW                42             50
    ## 1071            US       493  N157AW               148            154
    ## 1072            MQ      3400  N633AE                53             55
    ## 1073            AA       479  N563AA                52             60
    ## 1074            AA      2402  N253AA               141            160
    ## 1075            MQ      3422  N677AE                52             55
    ## 1076            AA      2293  N227AA               182            170
    ## 1077            WN      2880  N528SW                55             55
    ## 1078            OO      5915  N726SK               135            156
    ## 1079            XE       315  N19554               109            127
    ## 1080            CO      1603  N33608                52             55
    ## 1081            OO      4131  N608SK               185            190
    ## 1082            AA      1622  N3BMAA               156            160
    ## 1083            XE         4  N14162               152            162
    ## 1084            WN       160  N248WN                64             70
    ## 1085            AA       502  N483AA               188            200
    ## 1086            B6      1068  N281JB               208            223
    ## 1087            OH      5203  N679CA               235            320
    ## 1088            AA       766  N3DEAA                89             60
    ## 1089            WN       870  N397SW               140            150
    ## 1090            CO       620  N19638                55             59
    ## 1091            AA       563  N528AA                47             60
    ## 1092            WN       555  N333SW                68             65
    ## 1093            WN       460  N338SW                50             55
    ## 1094            WN      2374  N344SW                54             55
    ## 1095            XE       224  N16178               191            201
    ## 1096            WN       330  N738CB                77             85
    ## 1097            AA      1113  N259AA                52             60
    ## 1098            WN      1760  N370SW                47             50
    ## 1099            AA       427  N4XFAA               235            195
    ## 1100            AA      1703  N437AA               224            225
    ## 1101            WN      2183  N501SW                46             45
    ## 1102            XE       312  N12563               129            129
    ## 1103            XE       318  N19554                96            104
    ## 1104            DL       693  N932DL               146            151
    ## 1105            MQ      3441  N677AE                52             55
    ## 1106            AA      1051  N578AA               184            205
    ## 1107            AA      1566  N563AA                64             60
    ## 1108            MQ      3824  N624AE                52             50
    ## 1109            NW      1675  N915RW               177            168
    ## 1110            AA      2246  N4XUAA               172            174
    ## 1111            OO      4074  N614SK               167            163
    ## 1112            WN      3409  N514SW                49             55
    ## 1113            9E      5746  88479E               123            115
    ## 1114            WN      3334  N617SW               132            140
    ## 1115            WN      2461  N344SW                94             95
    ## 1116            WN       555  N333SW                42             45
    ## 1117            AA      2059  N528AA                61             60
    ## 1118            WN      1312  N527SW                51             50
    ## 1119            F9       219  N801FR               140            133
    ## 1120            AA      1202  N558AA                49             60
    ## 1121            WN      2183  N501SW               140            155
    ## 1122            US       229  N307AW               143            144
    ## 1123            WN      3862  N370SW               172            185
    ## 1124            OO      5978  N716SK               177            165
    ## 1125            CO       806  N10323               278            270
    ## 1126            WN      3568  N275WN               158            165
    ## 1127            WN      2969  N360SW                46             50
    ## 1128            F9       214  N917FR               120            121
    ## 1129            WN       780  N264LV               122            125
    ## 1130            B6      1069  N274JB               264            254
    ## 1131            XE      2793  N11113               198            200
    ## 1132            AA      1731  N512AA                52             60
    ## 1133            OH      5085  N659BR               190            176
    ## 1134            MQ      3443  N624AE                50             55
    ## 1135            UA        80  N827UA               118            120
    ## 1136            WN       570  N510SW                46             45
    ## 1137            WN      2529  N256WN                38             45
    ## 1138            CO      1441  N35407                58             57
    ## 1139            WN      1399  N527SW                47             50
    ## 1140            WN       330  N738CB               106            115
    ## 1141            AA      2491  N476AA               171            165
    ## 1142            WN      1671  N693SW                81             85
    ## 1143            CO      1533  N37287                58             57
    ## 1144            WN      2021  N215WN               145            155
    ## 1145            AA       417  N453AA                56             60
    ## 1146            AA      1129  N464AA                53             55
    ## 1147            XE       209  N13550               110            117
    ## 1148            UA      1291  N844UA               123            132
    ## 1149            OH      5579  N669CA               153            156
    ## 1150            CO      1561  N14667                59             51
    ## 1151            MQ      3364                        NA             55
    ## 1152            MQ      3374                        NA             55
    ## 1153            MQ      3446                        NA             55
    ## 1154            MQ      3890                        NA             55
    ## 1155            CO       240  N10323                51             53
    ## 1156            AA      1614  N4XUAA               171            155
    ## 1157            US        86  N307AW               149            149
    ## 1158            AA      1157  N476AA                74             60
    ## 1159            EV      4788  N758EV               113            129
    ## 1160            9E      5743  88479E                98            105
    ## 1161            F9       211  N917FR               145            135
    ## 1162            AA       579  N453AA               236            225
    ## 1163            OO      5972  N716SK               167            156
    ## 1164            NW      1674  N915RW               166            167
    ## 1165            AA      1182  N475AA               165            175
    ## 1166            XE       541  N11547               106            117
    ## 1167            CO       340  N33608                70             54
    ## 1168            WN       222  N617SW               107            115
    ## 1169            WN       544  N707SA                56             60
    ## 1170            B6      1060  N274JB               202            213
    ## 1171            XE         1  N13550               217            201
    ## 1172            AA       652  N558AA                60             60
    ## 1173            WN       913  N310SW               146            160
    ## 1174            WN       674  N510SW                83            100
    ## 1175            XE       519  N14162                68             77
    ## 1176            DL      1590  N932DL               115            124
    ## 1177            F9       212  N901FR               123            127
    ## 1178            WN       665  N622SW                58             65
    ## 1179            XE       303  N19554               134            151
    ## 1180            AA      1958  N464AA                57             60
    ## 1181            WN      1028  N693SW                68             70
    ## 1182            WN       996  N215WN                60             65
    ## 1183            WN       478  N296WN               148            165
    ## 1184            XE      2976  N11113               165            170
    ## 1185            AA      1465  N578AA               199            190
    ## 1186            CO      1573  N35407                68             57
    ## 1187            B6      1061  N198JB               254            270
    ## 1188            YV      2970  N910FJ               150            149
    ## 1189            MQ      3890  N624AE                47             55
    ## 1190            AA      1109  N291AA                58             60
    ## 1191            OH      5574  N659BR               144            152
    ## 1192            WN      2530  N360SW                55             55
    ## 1193            OO      4009  N614SK               198            190
    ## 1194            WN       297  N477WN               157            160
    ## 1195            WN      2654  N234WN                44             45
    ## 1196            WN      1137  N329SW               135            140
    ## 1197            YV      7273  N505MJ               251            216
    ## 1198            XE       511  N12563                87            103
    ## 1199            WN       544  N707SA                42             45
    ## 1200            CO       440  N37287                68             57
    ## 1201            AA      1199  N583AA               162            165
    ## 1202            UA      1190  N372UA               136            142
    ## 1203            CO      1583  N14613                49             52
    ## 1204            AA       450  N512AA                88             60
    ## 1205            OH      5124  N679CA               124            126
    ## 1206            EV      4677  N860AS               157            159
    ## 1207            WN       513  N503SW                46             50
    ## 1208            AA       379  N259AA               203            200
    ## 1209            B6      1263  N216JB               269            285
    ## 1210            AA      1743  N3BMAA                70             60
    ## 1211            OO      2930  N468CA               107            115
    ## 1212            WN       906  N622SW               181            180
    ## 1213            XE         2  N11199               168            162
    ## 1214            OH      5527  N693CA               189            170
    ## 1215            AA      1810  N453AA               184            200
    ## 1216            MQ      3364  N624AE                55             55
    ## 1217            WN      2654  N234WN               189            190
    ## 1218            AA       421  N464AA                49             60
    ## 1219            WN      3481  N730SW               221            235
    ## 1220            NW      1728  N8932E               130            116
    ## 1221            XE       311  N11547               110            127
    ## 1222            XE      2252  N16151               189            194
    ## 1223            UA       657  N827UA               299            238
    ## 1224            WN       707  N275WN               134            150
    ## 1225            AA       511  N291AA                80             60
    ## 1226            WN      2985  N777QC               156            165
    ## 1227            CO      1572  N14613                51             56
    ## 1228            WN       513  N503SW               141            155
    ## 1229            WN       716  N264LV               163            180
    ## 1230            WN      1751  N514SW                45             50
    ## 1231            CO       441  N14639                59             54
    ## 1232            AA       368  N227AA               158            150
    ## 1233            WN      2358  N332SW                40             45
    ## 1234            MQ      3355  N677AE                42             50
    ## 1235            EV      4179  N758EV               150            161
    ## 1236            XE       532  N12563               122            111
    ## 1237            US       225  N306AW               129            142
    ## 1238            EV      4338  N860AS               117            128
    ## 1239            AA      2024  N483AA                76             65
    ## 1240            WN      1422  N296WN               104            110
    ## 1241            WN        61  N329SW                53             55
    ## 1242            WN       304  N356SW               155            170
    ## 1243            XE       531  N11547                99            104
    ## 1244            WN      2445  N332SW                45             45
    ## 1245            AA      1477  N575AA                52             60
    ## 1246            F9       215  N901FR               132            134
    ## 1247            AA       813  N464AA               193            200
    ## 1248            WN       834  N499WN               122            135
    ## 1249            CO      1758  N14667                60             61
    ## 1250            OO      2931  N468CA               120            110
    ## 1251            WN      1838  N514SW               181            180
    ## 1252            MQ      3488  N677AE                59             55
    ## 1253            OH      5202  N693CA               217            218
    ## 1254            CO       251  N14639               217            227
    ## 1255            WN       501  N506SW                43             50
    ## 1256            YV      7276  N505MJ               181            187
    ## 1257            WN      1001  N366SW                77             85
    ## 1258            OH      5581  N669CA               137            142
    ## 1259            NW      1727  N8932E               108            104
    ## 1260            AA      2486  N583AA               161            155
    ## 1261            B6      1062  N198JB               205            222
    ## 1262            WN      2985  N777QC               209            205
    ## 1263            WN       913  N310SW                58             50
    ## 1264            XE       308  N14162               156            180
    ## 1265            EV      4744  N758EV               119            125
    ## 1266            AA      1526  N475AA                52             60
    ## 1267            AA      1545  N469AA               186            165
    ## 1268            AA      1717  N557AA                48             60
    ## 1269            AA       668  N580AA                49             60
    ## 1270            WN      3481  N730SW                86            100
    ## 1271            WN       155  N428WN               182            160
    ## 1272            MQ      3412  N677AE                51             55
    ## 1273            XE      2366  N16151               203            165
    ## 1274            WN       501  N506SW                53             60
    ## 1275            B6      1264  N216JB               228            229
    ## 1276            WN       687  N341SW               165            180
    ## 1277            AA      1024  N527AA               178            200
    ## 1278            EV      4882  N843AS               135            152
    ## 1279            AA      1308  N4WBAA               162            180
    ## 1280            WN       297  N477WN               133            145
    ## 1281            AA       418  N575AA                60             60
    ## 1282            B6      1065  N231JB               249            254
    ## 1283            WN       923  N635SW               124            145
    ## 1284            WN       112  N324SW                48             50
    ## 1285            WN      2124  N474WN                38             45
    ## 1286            WN      1856  N720WN               104            120
    ## 1287            CO       241  N76354                51             53
    ## 1288            UA       374  N842UA               208            205
    ## 1289            9E      5742  89149E               106            115
    ## 1290            OO      2932  N468CA               110            115
    ## 1291            MQ      3503  N677AE                52             55
    ## 1292            WN       700  N323SW                45             50
    ## 1293            AA      1563  N595AA               116            135
    ## 1294            AA      1422  N580AA                62             60
    ## 1295            WN      1417  N506SW                54             60
    ## 1296            AA      1587  N201AA                55             60
    ## 1297            XE         2  N11199                76             75
    ## 1298            WN      1001  N366SW               186            180
    ## 1299            WN       160  N264LV               207            230
    ## 1300            XE       612  N11547                72             77
    ## 1301            CO       317  N16618               235            250
    ## 1302            OO      5986  N730SK               110            125
    ## 1303            WN      2124  N474WN               129            135
    ## 1304            XE        81  N14162                78             82
    ## 1305            WN       112  N324SW                49             50
    ## 1306            DL      1533  N966DL               141            157
    ## 1307            WN       834  N499WN                53             55
    ## 1308            WN      1003  N523SW                42             45
    ## 1309            OO      4012  N606SK               147            163
    ## 1310            AA      1023  N453AA               233            225
    ## 1311            AA       559  N441AA                59             60
    ## 1312            CO      1602  N76354                59             63
    ## 1313            WN       700  N323SW               140            155
    ## 1314            WN       687  N341SW               192            190
    ## 1315            WN       684  N504SW                44             50
    ## 1316            WN      1417  N506SW                51             55
    ## 1317            CO       341  N14654                57             55
    ## 1318            US        73  N306AW               143            154
    ## 1319            XE        80  N14198                94             88
    ## 1320            AA      1128  N201AA                56             60
    ## 1321            WN       304  N356SW               125            135
    ## 1322            EV      4518  N843AS               120            132
    ## 1323            MQ      3375  N689EC                47             55
    ## 1324            9E      5747  89149E               124            110
    ## 1325            F9       218  N802FR               115            122
    ## 1326            WN       853  N635SW                46             55
    ## 1327            WN      2529  N775SW               167            160
    ## 1328            WN      1003  N523SW                90            100
    ## 1329            EV      4315  N744EV               139            159
    ## 1330            OO      2933  N468CA               111            110
    ## 1331            YV      2889  N7291Z               135            136
    ## 1332            AA       346  N469AA               165            160
    ## 1333            WN      3409  N502SW               117            130
    ## 1334            WN      2793  N664WN                52             50
    ## 1335            AA      1215  N3AMAA                46             60
    ## 1336            UA       336  N349UA               113            122
    ## 1337            XE       600  N13553                83            103
    ## 1338            WN       684  N504SW                60             65
    ## 1339            OH      5568  N695CA               187            173
    ## 1340            WN      1856  N720WN                50             50
    ## 1341            AA       463  N441AA                72             65
    ## 1342            AA      1646  N595AA               123            120
    ## 1343            XE       224  N12163                NA             17
    ## 1344            B6      1068  N231JB               210            223
    ## 1345            WN       330  N299WN                79             85
    ## 1346            MQ      3400  N689EC                53             55
    ## 1347            WN       953  N635SW                44             50
    ## 1348            AA       479  N580AA                64             60
    ## 1349            OH      5203  N693CA               265            320
    ## 1350            WN       160  N264LV                65             70
    ## 1351            WN      2880  N664WN                51             55
    ## 1352            AA      1622  N3AYAA               154            160
    ## 1353            AA      2293  N454AA               144            170
    ## 1354            XE      2793  N11113               185            201
    ## 1355            CO      1603  N78501                51             55
    ## 1356            WN      1760  N315SW                43             50
    ## 1357            WN       870  N428WN               139            150
    ## 1358            WN       555  N513SW                56             65
    ## 1359            AA       766  N3AMAA                56             60
    ## 1360            CO       620  N16618                61             57
    ## 1361            WN       939  N635SW                47             55
    ## 1362            AA      1113  N491AA                52             60
    ## 1363            OO      5915  N730SK               199            156
    ## 1364            WN      2374  N305SW                53             55
    ## 1365            XE       312  N13553               128            129
    ## 1366            WN      2183  N654SW                39             45
    ## 1367            WN      3568  N730SW               141            165
    ## 1368            WN      3862  N315SW               174            185
    ## 1369            WN       555  N513SW                47             45
    ## 1370            NW      1675  N915RW               182            168
    ## 1371            AA      1202  N418AA                48             60
    ## 1372            F9       219  N802FR               127            132
    ## 1373            WN      3334  N648SW               132            140
    ## 1374            US       229  N168AW               121            144
    ## 1375            UA      1291  N842UA               118            132
    ## 1376            WN      3409  N502SW                47             55
    ## 1377            WN      2183  N654SW               158            155
    ## 1378            9E      5746  89429E               110            115
    ## 1379            UA        80  N801UA               119            120
    ## 1380            B6      1069  N267JB               234            254
    ## 1381            OO      5978  N762SK               157            165
    ## 1382            WN      2021    N293               140            155
    ## 1383            F9       214  N930FR               123            121
    ## 1384            OH      5579  N376CA               147            156
    ## 1385            CO      1533  N37267                50             57
    ## 1386            AA       417  N541AA                52             60
    ## 1387            YV      2866  N7291Z               175            178
    ## 1388            WN       780  N459WN               125            125
    ## 1389            AA      2491  N401AA               154            165
    ## 1390            XE       209  N14907               113            117
    ## 1391            YV      2892  N7264V               156            161
    ## 1392            MQ      3362  N643AE                61             55
    ## 1393            YV      2754  N7264V               155            156
    ## 1394            AA      1614  N4WBAA               152            155
    ## 1395            AA      1157  N401AA                52             60
    ## 1396            EV      4788  N744EV               119            129
    ## 1397            9E      5743  89429E               100            105
    ## 1398            WN       697  N648SW                60             65
    ## 1399            F9       211  N930FR               130            135
    ## 1400            CO       852  N14654               223            205
    ## 1401            WN       456    N293               114            115
    ## 1402            WN      3489  N679AA                86             85
    ## 1403            AA       579  N418AA               237            225
    ## 1404            OO      5972  N762SK               191            156
    ## 1405            NW      1674  N915RW               180            167
    ## 1406            AA      1182  N4YCAA               164            175
    ## 1407            CO       340  N37267                68             54
    ## 1408            XE       541  N11551               117            117
    ## 1409            B6      1060  N267JB               219            213
    ## 1410            XE         1  N12163               188            201
    ## 1411            WN       674  N305SW                90            100
    ## 1412            MQ      3366  N643AE                51             60
    ## 1413            WN       849  N775SW                65             70
    ## 1414            DL      1590  N966DL               135            124
    ## 1415            XE       519  N14198                74             77
    ## 1416            XE       303  N14907               150            151
    ## 1417            WN       741  N299WN               133            150
    ## 1418            AA      1958  N527AA                61             60
    ## 1419            WN      1194  N648SW                58             60
    ## 1420            F9       212  N914FR               127            127
    ## 1421            WN       906  N606SW                45             50
    ## 1422            WN       827  N459WN               144            155
    ## 1423            WN       478  N203WN               145            165
    ## 1424            B6      1061  N178JB               242            270
    ## 1425            AA      1109  N480AA                65             60
    ## 1426            AA      1465  N541AA               201            190
    ## 1427            MQ      3890  N677AE                53             55
    ## 1428            OO      4009  N606SK               178            190
    ## 1429            WN       297  N287WN               148            160
    ## 1430            AA      1199  N516AA               173            165
    ## 1431            WN      1137  N684WN               123            140
    ## 1432            WN      3502  N301SW                46             45
    ## 1433            CO       440  N78501                73             57
    ## 1434            XE       511  N13553                88            103
    ## 1435            UA      1190  N349UA               142            142
    ## 1436            WN      2974  N730SW                41             45
    ## 1437            OH      5124  N693CA               133            126
    ## 1438            AA       450  N454AA                75             60
    ## 1439            EV      4677  N824AS               144            159
    ## 1440            WN       513  N635SW                44             50
    ## 1441            CO      1583  N46625                61             52
    ## 1442            US       435  N168AW               161            162
    ## 1443            AA       379  N580AA               211            200
    ## 1444            WN       836  N775SW                67             65
    ## 1445            CO       350  N14342               240            256
    ## 1446            WN      3949  N334SW               119            130
    ## 1447            WN      1194  N648SW                49             55
    ## 1448            WN       906  N606SW               174            180
    ## 1449            OO      2930  N468CA               122            115
    ## 1450            AA      1743  N3AYAA                95             60
    ## 1451            B6      1263  N190JB               255            285
    ## 1452            AA      1810  N418AA               181            200
    ## 1453            YV      7273  N504MJ               201            216
    ## 1454            XE       311  N11551               110            127
    ## 1455            WN      3481  N276WN               201            235
    ## 1456            MQ      3364  N677AE                51             55
    ## 1457            WN      3502  N301SW               192            190
    ## 1458            WN       233  N641SW               150            160
    ## 1459            UA       657  N801UA               251            238
    ## 1460            AA       421  N4WRAA                50             60
    ## 1461            WN      3489  N679AA               179            180
    ## 1462            NW      1728  N8978E               103            116
    ## 1463            WN      2985  N479WN               148            165
    ## 1464            AA       511  N480AA                68             60
    ## 1465            WN       513  N635SW               143            155
    ## 1466            XE         2  N12163               153            162
    ## 1467            WN      1751  N506SW                50             50
    ## 1468            WN      2358  N515SW                53             45
    ## 1469            MQ      3355  N689EC                55             50
    ## 1470            EV      4179  N317CA               131            161
    ## 1471            CO       441  N14613                58             54
    ## 1472            CO      1572  N46625                61             56
    ## 1473            WN       691  N775SW                52             55
    ## 1474            XE       532  N13553               102            111
    ## 1475            WN       304  N342SW               157            170
    ## 1476            EV      4338  N824AS               125            128
    ## 1477            AA      1477  N509AA                57             60
    ## 1478            US       225  N311AW               122            141
    ## 1479            AA      2024  N491AA                52             65
    ## 1480            WN      1422  N203WN               112            110
    ## 1481            WN        61  N684WN                54             55
    ## 1482            OH      5580  N376CA               148            140
    ## 1483            XE       531  N11551               103            104
    ## 1484            WN      2445  N515SW                50             45
    ## 1485            CO       741  N16617                59             52
    ## 1486            AA       813  N4WRAA               201            200
    ## 1487            WN       154  N486WN               121            135
    ## 1488            MQ      3488  N689EC                54             55
    ## 1489            F9       215  N914FR               128            134
    ## 1490            WN      1838  N506SW               179            180
    ## 1491            AA      1717  N248AA                56             60
    ## 1492            OO      2931  N468CA               107            110
    ## 1493            WN       501  N528SW                44             50
    ## 1494            WN      1001  N324SW                82             85
    ## 1495            XE      2366  N11113               184            165
    ## 1496            CO       251  N14613               222            227
    ## 1497            WN      2985  N479WN               203            205
    ## 1498            NW      1727  N8978E               102            104
    ## 1499            AA      2486  N516AA               155            155
    ## 1500            B6      1062  N178JB               219            222
    ## 1501            YV      7276  N504MJ               178            187
    ## 1502            UA       374  N801UA               216            205
    ## 1503            XE       308  N14198               150            180
    ## 1504            WN      3949  N334SW                49             50
    ## 1505            EV      4744  N317CA               150            125
    ## 1506            AA      1198  N509AA               171            165
    ## 1507            AA      1024  N528AA               179            200
    ## 1508            AA      1545  N584AA               156            165
    ## 1509            OH      5202  N695CA               245            218
    ## 1510            AA       668  N232AA                65             60
    ## 1511            AA      1526  N4YCAA                59             60
    ## 1512            CO      1758  N16617                54             57
    ## 1513            WN      3481  N276WN                93            100
    ## 1514            MQ      3412  N689EC                45             55
    ## 1515            WN       501  N528SW                56             60
    ## 1516            CO      1540  N14342                53             57
    ## 1517            WN       155  N228WN               150            160
    ## 1518            B6      1264  N190JB               227            229
    ## 1519            YV      7415  N522LR               162            165
    ## 1520            EV      4882  N974EV               133            152
    ## 1521            US       227  N164AW               128            139
    ## 1522            WN       687  N335SW               150            180
    ## 1523            OH      5339  N735CA               159            178
    ## 1524            WN       297  N287WN               133            145
    ## 1525            AA       418  N248AA                62             60
    ## 1526            WN       112  N359SW                47             50
    ## 1527            9E      5742  86659E               110            115
    ## 1528            WN      2124  N607SW                42             45
    ## 1529            CO       241  N19621                44             53
    ## 1530            AA      1587  N560AA                47             60
    ## 1531            B6      1065  N249JB               230            254
    ## 1532            WN      1856  N413WN               116            120
    ## 1533            WN       813  N686SW               123            145
    ## 1534            OO      2932  N468CA               119            115
    ## 1535            MQ      3503  N689EC                50             55
    ## 1536            AA      1053  N591AA               174            165
    ## 1537            OO      4012  N611SK               179            163
    ## 1538            AA      1563  N4WSAA               125            135
    ## 1539            AA       422  N232AA                67             60
    ## 1540            WN      1417  N528SW                54             60
    ## 1541            WN       303  N641SW                52             50
    ## 1542            MQ      3446  N677AE                47             55
    ## 1543            WN      1001  N324SW               175            180
    ## 1544            XE        81  N14198                81             82
    ## 1545            WN       160  N489WN               197            230
    ## 1546            WN       112  N359SW                59             50
    ## 1547            WN       700  N374SW                48             50
    ## 1548            CO       317  N17620               227            259
    ## 1549            CO      1541  N12313                51             54
    ## 1550            WN       154  N486WN                48             55
    ## 1551            WN      2124  N607SW               116            135
    ## 1552            XE       612  N11551                80             77
    ## 1553            AA      1308  N562AA               155            180
    ## 1554            OO      5986  N770SK               133            125
    ## 1555            XE         2  N12163                68             75
    ## 1556            AA      1023  N418AA               233            225
    ## 1557            CO      1706  N19621                55             65
    ## 1558            EV      4325  N974EV               121            129
    ## 1559            WN      3595  N511SW                43             50
    ## 1560            AA       559  N4YJAA                53             60
    ## 1561            US        73  N311AW               154            157
    ## 1562            CO       341  N14337                52             55
    ## 1563            OH      5026  N735CA               155            152
    ## 1564            AA      1128  N560AA                60             60
    ## 1565            WN       304  N342SW               131            135
    ## 1566            WN      1417  N528SW                52             55
    ## 1567            MQ      3374  N677AE                62             55
    ## 1568            XE       224  N11199                72             77
    ## 1569            WN       687  N335SW               192            190
    ## 1570            WN      2529  N770SA               142            160
    ## 1571            9E      5747  86659E               108            110
    ## 1572            CO       351  N12313               232            230
    ## 1573            WN      3409  N522SW               113            130
    ## 1574            XE        80  N16178                88             88
    ## 1575            F9       218  N923FR               128            122
    ## 1576            WN       700  N374SW               146            155
    ## 1577            WN       231  N359SW                45             45
    ## 1578            YV      2889  N918FJ               135            132
    ## 1579            EV      4315  N722EV               133            159
    ## 1580            OO      2933  N468CA               100            110
    ## 1581            WN      2793  N308SA                51             50
    ## 1582            WN      3595  N511SW                58             65
    ## 1583            AA      1215  N3ASAA                59             60
    ## 1584            WN       900  N686SW                51             55
    ## 1585            XE       600  N12552                86            103
    ## 1586            YV      7228  N522LR               182            178
    ## 1587            AA       346  N584AA               171            160
    ## 1588            CO      1602  N14337                90             60
    ## 1589            WN       330  N473WN                78             85
    ## 1590            AA       463  N4YJAA                66             65
    ## 1591            AA      1646  N4WSAA               105            120
    ## 1592            UA       336  N377UA               152            122
    ## 1593            WN      1856  N413WN                54             50
    ## 1594            MQ      3375  N661JA                48             55
    ## 1595            WN       231  N359SW                94            100
    ## 1596            B6      1068  N249JB               225            223
    ## 1597            WN       373  N501SW                45             50
    ## 1598            AA       479  N560AA                52             60
    ## 1599            MQ      3422  N673AE                47             55
    ## 1600            WN      2880  N308SA                50             55
    ## 1601            WN       160  N489WN                64             70
    ## 1602            XE       224  N11199               200            201
    ## 1603            AA      2402  N591AA               157            160
    ## 1604            AA      1622  N3AKAA               154            160
    ## 1605            CO      1603  N16647                51             55
    ## 1606            AA       502  N418AA               188            200
    ## 1607            WN       555  N512SW                60             65
    ## 1608            WN       870  N228WN               151            150
    ## 1609            XE       315  N16178               117            127
    ## 1610            MQ      3400  N661JA                51             55
    ## 1611            UA      1291  N801UA               131            132
    ## 1612            US       224  N164AW               161            157
    ## 1613            AA       766  N3ASAA                58             60
    ## 1614            AA      1703  N528AA               236            225
    ## 1615            CO       620  N17620                56             59
    ## 1616            WN       460  N501SW                50             55
    ## 1617            OO      4131  N611SK               165            190
    ## 1618            WN      1760  N603SW                45             50
    ## 1619            OO      5915  N770SK               149            156
    ## 1620            DL       693  N949DL               158            151
    ## 1621            AA      1051  N421AA               182            205
    ## 1622            XE       312  N12552               140            129
    ## 1623            WN      2183  N638SW                43             45
    ## 1624            MQ      3441  N673AE                51             55
    ## 1625            AA       563  N4YJAA                53             60
    ## 1626            XE       318  N14162               103            104
    ## 1627            XE         4  N27200               155            162
    ## 1628            WN      2374  N378SW                53             55
    ## 1629            AA      1566  N560AA                68             60
    ## 1630            AA      1113  N4YHAA                57             60
    ## 1631            MQ      3824  N689EC                43             50
    ## 1632            WN       555  N512SW                50             45
    ## 1633            WN      3568  N276WN               161            165
    ## 1634            CO      1441  N37409                50             57
    ## 1635            WN      3409  N522SW                48             55
    ## 1636            OH      5203  N695CA               250            320
    ## 1637            9E      5746  85329E               110            115
    ## 1638            AA      1202  N462AA                54             60
    ## 1639            AA      2246  N590AA               171            174
    ## 1640            WN       330  N473WN               104            115
    ## 1641            OO      5978  N710SK               170            165
    ## 1642            F9       219  N923FR               129            132
    ## 1643            WN      1312  N502SW                47             50
    ## 1644            US       229  N316AW               124            139
    ## 1645            CO       806  N17328               252            270
    ## 1646            WN      3334  N654SW               127            140
    ## 1647            WN      2183  N638SW               151            155
    ## 1648            UA        80  N801UA               125            120
    ## 1649            WN      3862  N603SW               181            185
    ## 1650            OO      4074  N340CA               169            163
    ## 1651            AA      2059  N4YJAA                52             60
    ## 1652            WN      2461  N378SW                95             95
    ## 1653            AA       427  N562AA               197            195
    ## 1654            XE       209  N16561               112            117
    ## 1655            WN      2529  N770SA                43             45
    ## 1656            MQ      3443  N689EC                51             55
    ## 1657            WN      2969  N643SW                46             50
    ## 1658            B6      1069  N197JB               231            254
    ## 1659            WN      1399  N502SW                48             50
    ## 1660            OH      5085  N916CA               171            176
    ## 1661            F9       214  N920FR               122            121
    ## 1662            WN       570  N639SW                43             45
    ## 1663            WN       780  N288WN               112            125
    ## 1664            OH      5579  N398CA               170            156
    ## 1665            AA      1731  N499AA                51             60
    ## 1666            CO      1533  N37287                68             57
    ## 1667            WN      2021  N246LV               147            155
    ## 1668            WN      1671  N382SW                79             85
    ## 1669            AA       417  N479AA                50             60
    ## 1670            AA      2491  N4XYAA               163            165
    ## 1671            CO      1561  N18658                54             51
    ## 1672            AA      1129  N579AA                58             55
    ## 1673            YV      2892  N915FJ               164            159
    ## 1674            YV      2890  N918FJ                NA            181
    ## 1675            AA       368                        NA            150
    ## 1676            AA      2293                        NA            170
    ## 1677            CO       240  N37409                60             55
    ## 1678            MQ      3362  N689EC                62             55
    ## 1679            YV      2908  N915FJ               145            152
    ## 1680            EV      4788  N722EV               121            129
    ## 1681            AA      1614  N590AA               147            155
    ## 1682            AA      1157  N4YHAA                65             60
    ## 1683            9E      5743  85329E               105            105
    ## 1684            WN       697  N654SW                59             65
    ## 1685            F9       211  N920FR               119            135
    ## 1686            OH      5574  N916CA               149            152
    ## 1687            WN       311  N382SW                42             45
    ## 1688            WN       128  N246LV                48             55
    ## 1689            CO       852  N16647               212            208
    ## 1690            OO      5964  N710SK               140            159
    ## 1691            WN      3489  N684WN                78             85
    ## 1692            WN      1028  N255WN                45             45
    ## 1693            AA       579  N579AA               231            225
    ## 1694            AA      1182  N4WNAA               182            175
    ## 1695            WN       754  N276WN               150            155
    ## 1696            WN      2443  N357SW                48             50
    ## 1697            B6      1060  N197JB               195            213
    ## 1698            XE         1  N14162               197            201
    ## 1699            WN       222  N643SW               103            115
    ## 1700            XE       541  N19554               119            117
    ## 1701            WN      1567  N639SW               135            150
    ## 1702            AA       652  N499AA                56             60
    ## 1703            XE       519  N27200                75             77
    ## 1704            MQ      3366  N689EC                48             60
    ## 1705            XE       303  N16561               145            151
    ## 1706            WN      2524  N288WN                92            100
    ## 1707            CO      1841  N73251                68             52
    ## 1708            F9       212  N925FR               146            127
    ## 1709            WN      1194  N654SW                54             60
    ## 1710            WN      1028  N255WN                64             70
    ## 1711            UA       657  N801UA               229            236
    ## 1712            AA      1958  N479AA                62             60
    ## 1713            WN       906  N627SW                45             50
    ## 1714            DL      1590  N949DL               117            124
    ## 1715            WN       478  N792SW               164            165
    ## 1716            WN      2974  N745SW                59             65
    ## 1717            AA      1465  N418AA               200            190
    ## 1718            B6      1061  N183JB               249            267
    ## 1719            MQ      3890  N673AE                66             55
    ## 1720            WN      1137  N694SW               134            140
    ## 1721            WN      3502  N333SW                45             45
    ## 1722            WN      2530  N357SW                47             55
    ## 1723            YV      7399  N510MJ               224            225
    ## 1724            UA       373  N377UA               129            142
    ## 1725            WN       297  N238WN               153            160
    ## 1726            XE       511  N12552                88            103
    ## 1727            AA      1199  N537AA               187            165
    ## 1728            OO      4009  N340CA               194            190
    ## 1729            CO       440  N17328                70             57
    ## 1730            EV      4677  N909EV               149            159
    ## 1731            OH      5124  N695CA               120            126
    ## 1732            AA       450  N421AA                67             60
    ## 1733            US       435  N316AW               188            162
    ## 1734            AA       379  N4XYAA               204            200
    ## 1735            WN       513  N503SW                46             50
    ## 1736            WN      3222  N459WN               142            160
    ## 1737            AA      1743  N3AKAA                66             60
    ## 1738            OO      2930  N468CA               127            115
    ## 1739            WN      1194  N654SW                49             55
    ## 1740            AA      1109  N400AA                52             60
    ## 1741            WN       906  N627SW               183            180
    ## 1742            WN      3949  N693SW               116            130
    ## 1743            CO       640  N73251                61             57
    ## 1744            AA      1810  N579AA               191            200
    ## 1745            CO       350  N27734               261            265
    ## 1746            XE         2  N14162               149            162
    ## 1747            WN      2974  N745SW                48             45
    ## 1748            CO      1573  N37287                63             59
    ## 1749            WN      3502  N333SW               190            190
    ## 1750            WN      3481  N462WN               211            235
    ## 1751            XE       311  N19554               116            127
    ## 1752            CO      1583  N69311                60             55
    ## 1753            OH      5527  N678CA               170            170
    ## 1754            MQ      3364  N673AE                51             55
    ## 1755            B6      1263  N178JB               260            285
    ## 1756            9E      5744  86739E               115            120
    ## 1757            WN      3489  N684WN               172            180
    ## 1758            WN      2985  N766SW               149            165
    ## 1759            WN       513  N503SW               162            155
    ## 1760            WN      1751  N680AA                52             50
    ## 1761            CO       441  N11651                63             57
    ## 1762            AA       421  N530AA                54             60
    ## 1763            AA       368  N462AA               204            150
    ## 1764            MQ      3355  N661JA                59             50
    ## 1765            WN      2358  N651SW                41             45
    ## 1766            XE       532  N12552               104            111
    ## 1767            EV      4179  N317CA               150            161
    ## 1768            WN       304  N309SW               157            170
    ## 1769            EV      4338  N909EV               118            128
    ## 1770            AA       511  N400AA                64             60
    ## 1771            AA      1477  N444AA                47             60
    ## 1772            WN        61  N694SW                47             55
    ## 1773            AA      2024  N557AA                60             65
    ## 1774            WN      1422  N792SW               106            110
    ## 1775            CO      1572  N69311                56             57
    ## 1776            YV      7345  N521LR               174            170
    ## 1777            OH      5580  N398CA               144            140
    ## 1778            XE       531  N19554               133            104
    ## 1779            US       225  N311AW               130            141
    ## 1780            CO       741  N14664                56             57
    ## 1781            WN      2445  N651SW                48             45
    ## 1782            WN       154  N747SA               121            135
    ## 1783            WN      1838  N680AA               190            180
    ## 1784            MQ      3488  N661JA                52             55
    ## 1785            WN      1001  N632SW                79             85
    ## 1786            F9       215  N925FR               134            134
    ## 1787            AA      1717  N574AA                56             60
    ## 1788            OO      2931  N468CA               110            110
    ## 1789            CO       340  N18658                46             56
    ## 1790            WN       501  N510SW                48             50
    ## 1791            AA       813  N530AA               209            200
    ## 1792            CO       251  N11651               228            230
    ## 1793            OH      5202  N678CA               215            218
    ## 1794            YV      7276  N510MJ               186            184
    ## 1795            WN      2985  N766SW               199            205
    ## 1796            B6      1062  N183JB               199            222
    ## 1797            UA       374  N810UA               185            204
    ## 1798            9E      5745  86739E               110            105
    ## 1799            XE      2252  N27152               191            194
    ## 1800            XE       308  N27200               162            180
    ## 1801            AA      1198  N444AA               149            165
    ## 1802            WN      3949  N693SW                51             50
    ## 1803            AA      1024  N4WUAA               191            200
    ## 1804            AA       668  N540AA                63             60
    ## 1805            CO      1758  N14664                66             57
    ## 1806            WN       155  N689SW               158            160
    ## 1807            AA      2486  N537AA               168            155
    ## 1808            WN      3481  N462WN                95            100
    ## 1809            MQ      3412  N661JA                48             55
    ## 1810            EV      4744  N317CA               116            125
    ## 1811            WN       501  N510SW                57             60
    ## 1812            AA      1526  N4WNAA                75             60
    ## 1813            WN       687  N623SW               159            180
    ## 1814            CO      1540  N27734                64             57
    ## 1815            AA      1308  N4XFAA               161            180
    ## 1816            OH      5339  N937CA               175            178
    ## 1817            B6      1264  N178JB               211            229
    ## 1818            AA       418  N574AA                62             60
    ## 1819            AA      1545  N493AA               161            165
    ## 1820            WN       297  N238WN               138            145
    ## 1821            WN       112  N501SW                49             50
    ## 1822            WN      2124  N397SW                41             45
    ## 1823            B6      1065  N184JB               260            251
    ## 1824            CO       241  N17644                54             53
    ## 1825            US       227  N157AW               128            139
    ## 1826            OO      4012  N603SK               160            163
    ## 1827            AA      1587  N451AA                50             60
    ## 1828            WN      1856  N783SW               121            120
    ## 1829            WN       303  N459WN                48             50
    ## 1830            9E      5742  87189E               116            115
    ## 1831            EV      4882  N928EV               135            152
    ## 1832            MQ      3503  N661JA                50             55
    ## 1833            OO      2932  N468CA               122            115
    ## 1834            AA      1053  N4UBAA               172            165
    ## 1835            WN       700  N331SW                44             50
    ## 1836            XE         2  N14162                64             75
    ## 1837            AA       422  N540AA                54             60
    ## 1838            AA      1563  N4WVAA               134            135
    ## 1839            WN      1001  N632SW               167            180
    ## 1840            WN      1417  N510SW                57             60
    ## 1841            WN       813  N306SW               139            145
    ## 1842            WN       160  N498WN               216            230
    ## 1843            OO      5974  N708SK               129            128
    ## 1844            MQ      3446  N673AE                45             55
    ## 1845            CO       317  N24706               247            252
    ## 1846            XE       612  N19554                75             77
    ## 1847            WN       112  N501SW                46             50
    ## 1848            WN      2124  N397SW               125            135
    ## 1849            XE        81  N27200                76             82
    ## 1850            CO      1541  N11641                51             54
    ## 1851            WN       154  N747SA                51             55
    ## 1852            XE       224  N12163                72             77
    ## 1853            XE      2366  N27152               155            165
    ## 1854            AA      1023  N579AA               244            225
    ## 1855            DL      1533  N949DL               162            154
    ## 1856            US       644  N311AW               145            157
    ## 1857            CO      1706  N17644                50             60
    ## 1858            WN       700  N331SW               157            155
    ## 1859            WN      3595  N520SW                49             50
    ## 1860            AA      1128  N451AA                62             60
    ## 1861            OH      5026  N937CA               139            152
    ## 1862            WN      2529  N279WN               150            160
    ## 1863            WN       304  N309SW               131            135
    ## 1864            EV      4325  N928EV               117            129
    ## 1865            AA       559  N4XMAA                69             60
    ## 1866            CO       341  N18658                54             55
    ## 1867            WN      1417  N510SW                51             55
    ## 1868            WN       231  N740SW                44             45
    ## 1869            MQ      3374  N673AE                51             55
    ## 1870            WN       687  N623SW               183            190
    ## 1871            MQ      3375  N633AE                57             55
    ## 1872            CO      1602  N11641                61             60
    ## 1873            9E      5747  87189E                94            106
    ## 1874            F9       218  N923FR               125            122
    ## 1875            WN      2793  N521SW                42             50
    ## 1876            YV      2889  N927LR               126            132
    ## 1877            AA      1215  N3DKAA                59             60
    ## 1878            OO      2933  N468CA                98            110
    ## 1879            YV      7071  N521LR               165            178
    ## 1880            WN      3595  N520SW                62             65
    ## 1881            XE       600  N14907                81            103
    ## 1882            WN       330  N499WN                80             85
    ## 1883            UA      1238  N308UA               126            126
    ## 1884            WN      3409  N611SW               115            130
    ## 1885            WN       900  N306SW                59             55
    ## 1886            XE       224  N12163               200            201
    ## 1887            AA      1646  N4WVAA               119            120
    ## 1888            WN       231  N740SW                93            100
    ## 1889            CO       351  N18658               203            225
    ## 1890            WN      1856  N783SW                50             50
    ## 1891            WN       373  N501SW                45             50
    ## 1892            MQ      3400  N633AE                50             55
    ## 1893            B6      1068  N184JB               208            223
    ## 1894            DL      1535  N949DL               126            127
    ## 1895            AA       463  N4XMAA                63             65
    ## 1896            AA       479  N4XYAA                53             60
    ## 1897            OH      5203  N678CA               250            320
    ## 1898            EV      4315  N751EV               144            159
    ## 1899            AA       502  N579AA               187            200
    ## 1900            WN       160  N498WN                65             70
    ## 1901            AA      1622  N3ARAA               156            160
    ## 1902            MQ      3422  N656AE                45             55
    ## 1903            WN      2880  N521SW                44             55
    ## 1904            WN       870  N689SW               156            150
    ## 1905            UA       509  N810UA               129            137
    ## 1906            OO      4131  N603SK               185            190
    ## 1907            WN       555  N527SW                58             65
    ## 1908            AA       563  N4XVAA                58             60
    ## 1909            AA       766  N3DKAA                59             60
    ## 1910            US       224  N157AW               164            157
    ## 1911            AA      1703  N4WUAA               244            225
    ## 1912            CO       620  N24706                72             59
    ## 1913            WN       460  N501SW                46             55
    ## 1914            DL       693  N929DL               147            151
    ## 1915            AA       427  N4XFAA               203            195
    ## 1916            AA      1113  N4WNAA                71             60
    ## 1917            CO      1603  N14219                51             55
    ## 1918            XE       312  N14907               127            129
    ## 1919            WN      2183  N502SW                42             45
    ## 1920            MQ      3441  N656AE                46             55
    ## 1921            XE       318  N11193               100            104
    ## 1922            AA      1566  N4XYAA                58             60
    ## 1923            AA      1051  N207AA               191            205
    ## 1924            XE       209  N13550               113            117
    ## 1925            WN      2374  N323SW                50             55
    ## 1926            WN       555  N527SW                44             45
    ## 1927            WN       330  N499WN               104            115
    ## 1928            AA       346  N493AA               149            160
    ## 1929            CO       806  N14609               277            270
    ## 1930            MQ      3824  N661JA                45             50
    ## 1931            AA      2246  N525AA               157            174
    ## 1932            AA      1202  N535AA                61             60
    ## 1933            WN      1312  N511SW                45             50
    ## 1934            CO      1441  N38403                63             57
    ## 1935            WN      1760  N638SW                46             50
    ## 1936            UA       452  N820UA               111            124
    ## 1937            OO      5975  N708SK               155            159
    ## 1938            XE        80  N11191                96             88
    ## 1939            WN      2183  N502SW               152            155
    ## 1940            AA      2293  N430AA               211            170
    ## 1941            WN      3334  N633SW               135            140
    ## 1942            AA      2059  N4XVAA                56             60
    ## 1943            OO      5978  N724SK               187            171
    ## 1944            US       229  N306AW               136            139
    ## 1945            F9       219  N923FR               123            132
    ## 1946            WN      3568  N462WN               176            165
    ## 1947            WN      3409  N611SW                51             55
    ## 1948            WN      2021  N200WN               141            155
    ## 1949            WN      2529  N279WN                43             45
    ## 1950            WN      2461  N323SW                97             95
    ## 1951            WN       780  N314SW               119            125
    ## 1952            WN      2969  N631SW                45             50
    ## 1953            WN      1399  N511SW                45             50
    ## 1954            WN      3862  N638SW               175            185
    ## 1955            MQ      3443  N661JA                46             55
    ## 1956            F9       214  N931FR               121            121
    ## 1957            OH      5085  N713CA               175            176
    ## 1958            WN      1671  N302SW                81             85
    ## 1959            YV      7281  N510MJ               204            225
    ## 1960            9E      5746  87949E               112            120
    ## 1961            B6      1069  N267JB               254            254
    ## 1962            AA      2402  N4UBAA               146            160
    ## 1963            AA      1731  N553AA                59             60
    ## 1964            CO      1533  N37255                65             57
    ## 1965            OH      5579  N658CA               172            156
    ## 1966            OO      4074  N607SK               169            163
    ## 1967            AA       417  N245AA                48             60
    ## 1968            XE         4  N11187               160            162
    ## 1969            XE       315  N11191               112            127
    ## 1970            WN       570  N604SW                45             45
    ## 1971            AA      1129  N598AA                55             55
    ## 1972            CO      1561  N16618                52             51
    ## 1973            AA      2491  N4XJAA               195            165
    ## 1974            CO       240  N38403                60             55
    ## 1975            YV      2908  N927LR               159            152
    ## 1976            AA      1614  N4XJAA               148            155
    ## 1977            AA      1157  N598AA                55             60
    ## 1978            EV      4788  N751EV               123            129
    ## 1979            MQ      3362  N661JA                50             55
    ## 1980            9E      5743  87949E               105            105
    ## 1981            WN       697  N633SW                62             65
    ## 1982            F9       211  N931FR               133            135
    ## 1983            CO       852  N14609               223            208
    ## 1984            OO      5964  N724SK               152            159
    ## 1985            WN       128  N462WN                47             55
    ## 1986            WN       311  N200WN                47             45
    ## 1987            WN      3489  N323SW                86             85
    ## 1988            AA       579  N245AA               243            225
    ## 1989            WN      1028  N355SW                39             45
    ## 1990            WN      2443  N618WN                48             50
    ## 1991            WN       754  N302SW               154            155
    ## 1992            WN      2974  N225WN                62             65
    ## 1993            XE         1  N11187               189            201
    ## 1994            B6      1060  N267JB               197            213
    ## 1995            XE       541  N12563               136            117
    ## 1996            WN      1567  N314SW               147            150
    ## 1997            WN       222  N631SW               107            115
    ## 1998            CO       340  N37255                65             56
    ## 1999            AA       652  N525AA                57             60
    ## 2000            XE       519  N11193                76             77
    ## 2001            MQ      3366  N661JA                55             60
    ## 2002            CO      1573  N14219                61             59
    ## 2003            CO      1841  N17640                60             52
    ## 2004            DL      1590  N929DL               148            124
    ## 2005            F9       212  N934FR               115            127
    ## 2006            XE       303  N13550               145            151
    ## 2007            WN      2524  N604SW                96            100
    ## 2008            AA      1182  N4XBAA               179            175
    ## 2009            WN      1194  N633SW                53             60
    ## 2010            WN      1028  N355SW                66             70
    ## 2011            AA      1958  N579AA                59             60
    ## 2012            WN       906  N679AA                51             50
    ## 2013            WN       478  N738CB               162            165
    ## 2014            UA       657  N820UA               246            236
    ## 2015            MQ      3890  N656AE                66             55
    ## 2016            OO      4009  N607SK               183            190
    ## 2017            WN      2530  N618WN                47             55
    ## 2018            AA      1109  N457AA                66             60
    ## 2019            UA       373  N308UA               142            142
    ## 2020            WN       297  N705SW               151            160
    ## 2021            WN      1137  N364SW               134            140
    ## 2022            WN      3502  N367SW                44             45
    ## 2023            XE       511  N14907                94            103
    ## 2024            B6      1061  N231JB               269            267
    ## 2025            AA      1199  N4YFAA               189            165
    ## 2026            WN      2974  N225WN                46             45
    ## 2027            EV      4677  N867AS               149            159
    ## 2028            CO      1583  N17644                52             55
    ## 2029            CO      1572  N16618                40             57
    ## 2030            AA       450  N430AA                55             60
    ## 2031            OH      5124  N678CA               123            126
    ## 2032            US       435  N306AW               159            162
    ## 2033            WN       513  N525SW                55             50
    ## 2034            B6      1263  N183JB               285            285
    ## 2035            AA      1465  N207AA               183            190
    ## 2036            WN      3222  N315SW               161            160
    ## 2037            AA       379  N4WNAA               208            200
    ## 2038            WN      3949  N302SW               130            130
    ## 2039            AA      1743  N3ARAA                53             60
    ## 2040            WN      1194  N633SW                46             55
    ## 2041            XE         2  N14204               159            162
    ## 2042            WN       906  N679AA               185            180
    ## 2043            CO       350  N14664               272            265
    ## 2044            XE      2252  N12142               210            194
    ## 2045            AA      1810  N245AA               192            200
    ## 2046            OH      5527  N693CA               167            170
    ## 2047            OO      2930  N479CA               120            115
    ## 2048            MQ      3364  N656AE                57             55
    ## 2049            WN      3502  N367SW               185            190
    ## 2050            AA       421  N579AA                67             60
    ## 2051            9E      5744  87839E               113            120
    ## 2052            WN      3489  N323SW               171            180
    ## 2053            XE       311  N12563               124            127
    ## 2054            WN      3481  N295WN               209            235
    ## 2055            WN      2985  N787SA               154            165
    ## 2056            AA       511  N457AA                59             60
    ## 2057            WN       513  N525SW               157            155
    ## 2058            WN      2358  N313SW                45             45
    ## 2059            YV      7345  N515MJ               162            170
    ## 2060            MQ      3355  N633AE                53             50
    ## 2061            AA       368  N535AA               161            150
    ## 2062            WN      1751  N507SW                55             50
    ## 2063            EV      4179  N709EV               158            161
    ## 2064            WN       304  N673AA               163            170
    ## 2065            XE       532  N14907               111            111
    ## 2066            EV      4338  N867AS               119            128
    ## 2067            US       225  N160AW               133            141
    ## 2068            AA      1477  N559AA                50             60
    ## 2069            AA      2024  N553AA                63             65
    ## 2070            UA       374  N843UA               204            204
    ## 2071            WN      1422  N738CB               111            110
    ## 2072            WN        61  N364SW                47             55
    ## 2073            OH      5580  N658CA               147            140
    ## 2074            XE       531  N12563               122            104
    ## 2075            WN       154  N387SW               117            135
    ## 2076            F9       215  N934FR               134            134
    ## 2077            WN      2445  N313SW                47             45
    ## 2078            AA       813  N579AA               203            200
    ## 2079            MQ      3488  N633AE                52             55
    ## 2080            WN      1001  N407WN                77             85
    ## 2081            WN      1838  N507SW               183            180
    ## 2082            AA      1717  N413AA                60             60
    ## 2083            CO       251  N17640               230            230
    ## 2084            OH      5202  N693CA               228            218
    ## 2085            OO      2931  N479CA               103            110
    ## 2086            WN       501  N509SW                47             50
    ## 2087            YV      7276  N510MJ               176            184
    ## 2088            WN      2985  N787SA               192            205
    ## 2089            AA      2486  N4YFAA               194            155
    ## 2090            9E      5745  87839E               114            105
    ## 2091            XE      2366  N12142               191            165
    ## 2092            XE       308  N11193               183            180
    ## 2093            EV      4744  N709EV               118            125
    ## 2094            AA      1198  N559AA               153            165
    ## 2095            B6      1062  N231JB               202            222
    ## 2096            WN      3949  N302SW                55             50
    ## 2097            AA      1024  N497AA               196            200
    ## 2098            CO      1758  N17644                57             57
    ## 2099            AA      1545  N468AA               186            165
    ## 2100            WN       155  N422WN               151            160
    ## 2101            AA       668  N534AA                56             60
    ## 2102            WN      3481  N295WN                95            100
    ## 2103            MQ      3412  N633AE                48             55
    ## 2104            WN       501  N509SW                60             60
    ## 2105            AA      1526  N4XBAA                57             60
    ## 2106            WN       687  N607SW               165            180
    ## 2107            B6      1264  N183JB               240            229
    ## 2108            CO      1540  N14664                66             57
    ## 2109            WN       297  N705SW               136            145
    ## 2110            AA       418  N413AA                54             60
    ## 2111            WN       112  N501SW                48             50
    ## 2112            B6      1065  N198JB               252            251
    ## 2113            WN      2124  N643SW                41             45
    ## 2114            CO       241  N18220                53             53
    ## 2115            9E      5742  80319E               119            115
    ## 2116            AA      1308  N465AA               170            180
    ## 2117            EV      4882  N873AS               144            152
    ## 2118            OO      4012  N604SK               163            163
    ## 2119            OO      5974  N702SK               110            128
    ## 2120            WN      1856  N767SW               112            120
    ## 2121            AA      1587  N4YLAA                60             60
    ## 2122            WN       303  N315SW                55             50
    ## 2123            OO      2932  N479CA               117            115
    ## 2124            MQ      3503  N633AE                50             55
    ## 2125            WN       700  N352SW                60             50
    ## 2126            AA      1053  N418AA               179            165
    ## 2127            AA      1563  N4YJAA               137            135
    ## 2128            XE         2  N14204                71             75
    ## 2129            AA       422  N534AA                54             60
    ## 2130            WN       813  N659SW               135            145
    ## 2131            WN      1417  N509SW                55             60
    ## 2132            WN       160  N442WN               209            230
    ## 2133            MQ      3446  N656AE                59             55
    ## 2134            XE       612  N12563                86             77
    ## 2135            CO       317  N16732               242            252
    ## 2136            WN      2124  N643SW               135            135
    ## 2137            WN       112  N501SW                77             50
    ## 2138            XE        81  N11193                80             82
    ## 2139            XE       224  N14198                66             77
    ## 2140            DL      1533  N966DL               144            154
    ## 2141            WN       154  N387SW                55             55
    ## 2142            CO      1541  N17329                66             54
    ## 2143            WN      1001  N407WN               171            180
    ## 2144            AA      1023  N245AA               240            225
    ## 2145            CO      1706  N18220                67             60
    ## 2146            US       227  N676AW               123            139
    ## 2147            WN      3595  N513SW                47             50
    ## 2148            US       644  N160AW               149            157
    ## 2149            WN       687  N607SW               180            190
    ## 2150            AA       559  N4WKAA                60             60
    ## 2151            OH      5026  N713CA               155            152
    ## 2152            WN      2529  N714CB               150            160
    ## 2153            WN       700  N352SW               145            155
    ## 2154            WN       304  N673AA               133            135
    ## 2155            AA      1128  N4YLAA                53             60
    ## 2156            EV      4325  N873AS               129            129
    ## 2157            XE        80  N11187                82             88
    ## 2158            WN      1417  N509SW                48             55
    ## 2159            MQ      3374  N656AE                54             55
    ## 2160            CO       341  N14664                78             55
    ## 2161            WN       231  N439WN                44             45
    ## 2162            F9       218  N946FR               124            122
    ## 2163            MQ      3375  N646AE                50             55
    ## 2164            9E      5747  80319E               121            106
    ## 2165            WN      3409  N521SW               121            130
    ## 2166            EV      4315  N722EV               138            159
    ## 2167            YV      2889  N942LR               132            132
    ## 2168            OO      2933  N479CA               110            110
    ## 2169            AA      1215  N3DHAA                61             60
    ## 2170            CO      1602  N17329                88             60
    ## 2171            YV      7071  N515MJ               159            178
    ## 2172            WN       330  N206WN                86             85
    ## 2173            WN      3595  N513SW                58             65
    ## 2174            WN      2793  N522SW                47             50
    ## 2175            XE       600  N11551                88            103
    ## 2176            UA      1238  N913UA               124            126
    ## 2177            XE       224  N14198               186            201
    ## 2178            WN       900  N659SW                51             55
    ## 2179            WN      1856  N767SW                59             50
    ## 2180            AA      1646  N4YJAA               112            120
    ## 2181            WN       231  N439WN                89            100
    ## 2182            AA       463  N4WKAA                56             65
    ## 2183            DL      1535  N966DL               129            127
    ## 2184            MQ      3400  N646AE                53             55
    ## 2185            B6      1068  N198JB               201            223
    ## 2186            UA       509  N843UA               133            137
    ## 2187            AA       479  N4YLAA                60             60
    ## 2188            AA       502  N245AA               191            200
    ## 2189            WN       373  N501SW                47             50
    ## 2190            WN       870  N422WN               138            150
    ## 2191            XE         4  N11164               153            162
    ## 2192            WN       160  N442WN                62             70
    ## 2193            YV      7281  N510MJ               216            225
    ## 2194            WN      2880  N522SW                46             55
    ## 2195            MQ      3422  N649PP                52             55
    ## 2196            AA      1622  N3CLAA               151            160
    ## 2197            XE       315  N11187               118            127
    ## 2198            OH      5203  N693CA               255            320
    ## 2199            AA       766  N3DHAA                58             60
    ## 2200            AA       563  N474AA                55             60
    ## 2201            WN      1760  N602SW                50             50
    ## 2202            CO      1603  N14231                65             55
    ## 2203            AA      1703  N497AA               239            225
    ## 2204            AA       346  N468AA               183            160
    ## 2205            CO       620  N16732                59             59
    ## 2206            WN       555  N514SW                65             65
    ## 2207            AA      2293  N578AA               166            170
    ## 2208            DL       693  N962DL               148            151
    ## 2209            WN       460  N501SW                51             55
    ## 2210            XE       318  N17196               100            104
    ## 2211            XE       312  N11551               129            129
    ## 2212            WN      2374  N336SW                60             55
    ## 2213            US       224  N676AW               148            157
    ## 2214            WN      2183  N511SW                41             45
    ## 2215            AA      1113  N201AA                57             60
    ## 2216            MQ      3441  N649PP                46             55
    ## 2217            AA      1051  N499AA               200            205
    ## 2218            AA      2246  N4XRAA               182            174
    ## 2219            WN      3568  N295WN               147            165
    ## 2220            AA       427  N465AA               191            195
    ## 2221            AA      1566  N4YLAA                53             60
    ## 2222            9E      5746  89369E               112            120
    ## 2223            WN       330  N206WN               116            115
    ## 2224            WN      3862  N602SW               178            185
    ## 2225            MQ      3824  N633AE                49             50
    ## 2226            CO      1441  N17229                83             57
    ## 2227            XE       209  N17560               117            117
    ## 2228            AA      1202  N517AA                57             60
    ## 2229            WN      3409  N521SW                49             55
    ## 2230            F9       219  N946FR               137            132
    ## 2231            AA      2059  N474AA                63             60
    ## 2232            WN       555  N514SW                43             45
    ## 2233            WN      2183  N511SW               150            155
    ## 2234            WN      1312  N520SW                48             50
    ## 2235            WN      3334  N675AA               166            140
    ## 2236            OO      5975  N702SK               163            159
    ## 2237            WN      2461  N336SW                89             95
    ## 2238            OO      5978  N740SK               159            171
    ## 2239            UA       452  N411UA               116            124
    ## 2240            WN       780  N211WN               120            125
    ## 2241            WN      2021  N791SW               149            155
    ## 2242            US       229  N302AW               120            139
    ## 2243            WN      2529  N714CB                37             45
    ## 2244            WN      1671  N660SW                79             85
    ## 2245            B6      1069  N281JB               246            254
    ## 2246            F9       214  N945FR               113            121
    ## 2247            MQ      3443  N633AE                57             55
    ## 2248            AA      1731  N512AA                59             60
    ## 2249            WN      1399  N520SW                47             50
    ## 2250            OH      5085  N931CA               178            176
    ## 2251            WN       570  N503SW                38             45
    ## 2252            CO      1533  N14219                75             57
    ## 2253            OH      5579  N656CA               155            156
    ## 2254            WN      2969  N398SW                43             50
    ## 2255            AA       417  N266AA                59             60
    ## 2256            AA      1129  N527AA                54             55
    ## 2257            CO      1561  N33294                44             51
    ## 2258            AA      2491  N4WPAA               150            165
    ## 2259            AA      2402                        NA            160
    ## 2260            CO       240  N33294                60             55
    ## 2261            MQ      3362  N633AE                58             55
    ## 2262            YV      2908  N942LR               143            152
    ## 2263            AA      1614  N4XRAA               154            155
    ## 2264            AA      1157  N4WPAA                60             60
    ## 2265            EV      4788  N722EV               130            129
    ## 2266            9E      5743  89369E               106            105
    ## 2267            WN       697  N660SW                59             65
    ## 2268            F9       211  N945FR               131            135
    ## 2269            OH      5574  N931CA               158            152
    ## 2270            CO       852  N14664               216            208
    ## 2271            WN       311  N503SW                42             45
    ## 2272            WN       128  N791SW                51             55
    ## 2273            OO      5964  N740SK               155            159
    ## 2274            WN      1028  N687SW                40             45
    ## 2275            WN      3489  N336SW                80             85
    ## 2276            AA       579  N245AA               218            225
    ## 2277            CO       340  N14219                58             56
    ## 2278            WN       754  N211WN               146            155
    ## 2279            AA      1182  N4XSAA               175            175
    ## 2280            WN      2443  N341SW                61             50
    ## 2281            B6      1060  N281JB               210            213
    ## 2282            XE       541  N19554               111            117
    ## 2283            WN      2974  N454WN                60             65
    ## 2284            WN      1567  N675AA               147            150
    ## 2285            WN       222  N398SW               113            115
    ## 2286            AA       652  N499AA                64             60
    ## 2287            MQ      3366  N633AE                50             60
    ## 2288            XE         1  N11164               185            201
    ## 2289            XE       519  N17196                76             77
    ## 2290            CO      1841  N11612                57             52
    ## 2291            CO      1573  N17229                67             59
    ## 2292            DL      1590  N962DL               121            124
    ## 2293            WN      2524  N295WN                88            100
    ## 2294            XE       303  N17560               153            151
    ## 2295            F9       212  N905FR               124            127
    ## 2296            WN      1194  N660SW                54             60
    ## 2297            WN      1028  N687SW                62             70
    ## 2298            UA       657  N411UA               231            236
    ## 2299            AA      1958  N527AA                59             60
    ## 2300            WN       906  N677AA                46             50
    ## 2301            WN       478  N901WN               149            165
    ## 2302            MQ      3890  N649PP                45             55
    ## 2303            AA      1465  N266AA               191            190
    ## 2304            AA      1109  N448AA                55             60
    ## 2305            OO      4009  N604SK               184            190
    ## 2306            UA       373  N913UA               145            142
    ## 2307            WN      1137  N255WN               127            140
    ## 2308            WN       297  N202WN               149            160
    ## 2309            WN      2530  N341SW                49             55
    ## 2310            AA      1199  N504AA               152            165
    ## 2311            B6      1061  N197JB               280            267
    ## 2312            XE       511  N11551                85            103
    ## 2313            WN      2974  N454WN                44             45
    ## 2314            CO      1583  N18611                46             55
    ## 2315            OH      5124  N693CA               133            126
    ## 2316            US       435  N302AW               167            162
    ## 2317            EV      4677  N858AS               136            159
    ## 2318            AA       450  N578AA                63             60
    ## 2319            WN       513  N523SW                41             50
    ## 2320            WN      3502  N370SW                43             45
    ## 2321            AA       379  N201AA               198            200
    ## 2322            XE         2  N11164               158            162
    ## 2323            WN      3222  N686SW               151            160
    ## 2324            B6      1263  N206JB               282            285
    ## 2325            WN      3949  N395SW               117            130
    ## 2326            WN       906  N677AA               180            180
    ## 2327            AA      1743  N3CLAA                63             60
    ## 2328            WN      1194  N660SW                50             55
    ## 2329            AA      1810  N245AA               186            200
    ## 2330            OH      5527  N689CA               160            170
    ## 2331            XE      2252  N41104               188            194
    ## 2332            OO      2930  N709BR               109            115
    ## 2333            CO       350  N14652               258            265
    ## 2334            MQ      3364  N649PP                50             55
    ## 2335            XE       311  N19554               116            127
    ## 2336            AA       421  N527AA                49             60
    ## 2337            WN      3481  N727SW               220            235
    ## 2338            WN      3489  N336SW               179            180
    ## 2339            9E      5744  84959E               124            120
    ## 2340            WN      2985  N700GS               152            165
    ## 2341            AA       511  N448AA                69             60
    ## 2342            WN      3502  N370SW               180            190
    ## 2343            YV      7345  N514MJ               158            170
    ## 2344            WN       513  N523SW               146            155
    ## 2345            WN      1751  N522SW                45             50
    ## 2346            AA       368  N517AA               151            150
    ## 2347            CO      1572  N14231                63             57
    ## 2348            MQ      3355  N646AE                46             50
    ## 2349            WN       304  N643SW               167            170
    ## 2350            XE       532  N11551               105            111
    ## 2351            EV      4179  N716EV               139            161
    ## 2352            EV      4338  N858AS               125            128
    ## 2353            AA      1477  N445AA                45             60
    ## 2354            AA      2024  N512AA                57             65
    ## 2355            US       225  N305AW               137            141
    ## 2356            WN      1422  N901WN               107            110
    ## 2357            WN        61  N255WN                48             55
    ## 2358            XE       531  N19554                94            104
    ## 2359            AA       813  N527AA               198            200
    ## 2360            WN       154  N357SW               124            135
    ## 2361            F9       215  N905FR               128            134
    ## 2362            OH      5202  N689CA               210            218
    ## 2363            OH      5580  N656CA               155            140
    ## 2364            WN      2358  N321SW                39             45
    ## 2365            WN      1001  N205WN                81             85
    ## 2366            WN      1838  N522SW               179            180
    ## 2367            OO      2931  N709BR               111            110
    ## 2368            MQ      3488  N646AE                55             55
    ## 2369            AA      1717  N586AA                51             60
    ## 2370            WN       501  N502SW                43             50
    ## 2371            AA      2486  N504AA               155            155
    ## 2372            YV      7276  N510MJ               190            184
    ## 2373            UA       374  N430UA               186            204
    ## 2374            XE      2366  N41104               165            165
    ## 2375            9E      5745  84959E                92            105
    ## 2376            WN      2445  N321SW                39             45
    ## 2377            WN      2985  N700GS               189            205
    ## 2378            XE       308  N17196               158            180
    ## 2379            WN      3949  N395SW                53             50
    ## 2380            AA      1024  N454AA               192            200
    ## 2381            AA      1198  N445AA               154            165
    ## 2382            EV      4744  N716EV               128            125
    ## 2383            B6      1062  N197JB               208            222
    ## 2384            AA      1526  N4XSAA                65             60
    ## 2385            AA      1545  N248AA               168            165
    ## 2386            CO      1758  N11612                59             57
    ## 2387            WN      3481  N727SW                93            100
    ## 2388            MQ      3412  N646AE                47             55
    ## 2389            AA       668  N473AA                52             60
    ## 2390            WN       155  N249WN               153            160
    ## 2391            WN       501  N502SW                58             60
    ## 2392            CO       251  N18611               240            230
    ## 2393            AA      1308  N4XNAA               168            180
    ## 2394            WN       687  N397SW               164            180
    ## 2395            OH      5339  N926CA               162            178
    ## 2396            CO      1540  N14652                53             57
    ## 2397            US       227  N308AW               124            139
    ## 2398            WN       297  N202WN               133            145
    ## 2399            AA       418  N586AA                58             60
    ## 2400            EV      4882  N847AS               131            152
    ## 2401            B6      1264  N206JB               212            229
    ## 2402            WN       112  N430WN                44             50
    ## 2403            WN      2124  N612SW                42             45
    ## 2404            B6      1065  N203JB               235            251
    ## 2405            9E      5742  87839E               106            115
    ## 2406            CO       241  N76269                51             53
    ## 2407            AA      1587  N457AA                49             60
    ## 2408            OO      5974  N763SK               151            128
    ## 2409            OO      2932  N709BR               113            115
    ## 2410            WN      1856  N283WN               130            120
    ## 2411            WN       303  N686SW                48             50
    ## 2412            XE         2  N11164                73             75
    ## 2413            OO      4012  N611SK               160            163
    ## 2414            AA      1053  N537AA               157            165
    ## 2415            WN       700  N310SW                47             50
    ## 2416            AA      1563  N590AA               125            135
    ## 2417            WN       813  N258WN                NA            145
    ## 2418            WN      1417  N502SW                57             60
    ## 2419            AA       422  N473AA                62             60
    ## 2420            WN      1001  N205WN               170            180
    ## 2421            MQ      3446  N649PP                44             55
    ## 2422            XE       612  N19554                69             77
    ## 2423            WN      2124  N612SW               126            135
    ## 2424            WN       160  N725SW               207            230
    ## 2425            XE        81  N17196                73             82
    ## 2426            CO      1541  N36247                49             54
    ## 2427            DL      1533  N976DL               141            154
    ## 2428            MQ      3503  N646AE                58             55
    ## 2429            XE       224  N14204                75             77
    ## 2430            WN       154  N357SW                51             55
    ## 2431            CO       317  N15712               250            252
    ## 2432            AA      1023  N245AA               230            225
    ## 2433            CO      1706  N76269                47             60
    ## 2434            US       644  N305AW               153            157
    ## 2435            EV      4325  N847AS               136            129
    ## 2436            AA       559  N4XPAA                50             60
    ## 2437            WN      3595  N511SW                50             50
    ## 2438            WN       700  N310SW               153            155
    ## 2439            WN       687  N397SW               180            190
    ## 2440            AA      1128  N457AA                65             60
    ## 2441            OH      5026  N926CA               141            152
    ## 2442            WN       304  N643SW               124            135
    ## 2443            WN       112  N430WN                45             50
    ## 2444            MQ      3374  N649PP                49             55
    ## 2445            XE        80  N12166                88             88
    ## 2446            CO       341  N17627                49             55
    ## 2447            WN      1417  N502SW                50             55
    ## 2448            WN       231  N446WN                39             45
    ## 2449            AA       346  N248AA               167            160
    ## 2450            WN      3409  N504SW               119            130
    ## 2451            9E      5747  87839E                95            106
    ## 2452            MQ      3375  N646AE                56             55
    ## 2453            F9       218  N912FR               138            122
    ## 2454            CO      1602  N36247                48             60
    ## 2455            OO      2933  N709BR               107            110
    ## 2456            EV      4315  N741EV               133            159
    ## 2457            WN      2793  N323SW                48             50
    ## 2458            YV      2889  N912FJ               116            132
    ## 2459            YV      7071  N514MJ               182            178
    ## 2460            WN      3595  N511SW                59             65
    ## 2461            AA      1215  N3CEAA                52             60
    ## 2462            XE       600  N12552                81            103
    ## 2463            WN       330  N625SW                81             85
    ## 2464            UA      1238  N921UA               155            126
    ## 2465            XE       224  N14204               185            201
    ## 2466            WN       900  N446WN                49             55
    ## 2467            AA       463  N4XPAA                72             65
    ## 2468            DL      1535  N976DL               127            127
    ## 2469            AA      1646  N590AA               109            120
    ## 2470            CO       351  N17627               219            225
    ## 2471            WN      2529  N397SW               155            160
    ## 2472            WN       231  N258WN                92            100
    ## 2473            B6      1068  N203JB               207            223
    ## 2474            WN      1856  N283WN                43             50
    ## 2475            AA      2402  N537AA               152            160
    ## 2476            UA       509  N430UA               118            137
    ## 2477            AA       479  N457AA                50             60
    ## 2478            AA      1622  N3BHAA               163            160
    ## 2479            OH      5203  N689CA               278            320
    ## 2480            OO      5975  N763SK               158            159
    ## 2481            WN       870  N249WN               138            150
    ## 2482            AA       502  N245AA               200            200
    ## 2483            AA      2293  N496AA               169            170
    ## 2484            WN       160  N725SW                66             70
    ## 2485            XE       315  N12166               119            127
    ## 2486            XE         4  N27190               155            162
    ## 2487            MQ      3400  N646AE                52             55
    ## 2488            WN       555  N404WN                60             65
    ## 2489            YV      7281  N503MJ               233            225
    ## 2490            MQ      3422  N670AE                52             55
    ## 2491            WN      2880  N323SW                51             55
    ## 2492            AA       766  N3CEAA                86             60
    ## 2493            US       224  N308AW               150            157
    ## 2494            AA       563  N413AA                47             60
    ## 2495            AA      1703  N454AA               233            225
    ## 2496            OO      4131  N611SK               182            190
    ## 2497            CO       620  N15712                63             59
    ## 2498            DL       693  N991DL               148            151
    ## 2499            WN      2374  N347SW                53             55
    ## 2500            WN      1760  N394SW                49             50
    ## 2501            AA       427  N4XNAA               202            195
    ## 2502            AA      1113  N4XSAA                51             60
    ## 2503            AA      1051  N446AA               184            205
    ## 2504            XE       312  N12552               131            129
    ## 2505            XE       318  N16178               106            104
    ## 2506            CO      1603  N12218                54             55
    ## 2507            WN      2183  N330SW                41             45
    ## 2508            WN      3568  N727SW               158            165
    ## 2509            WN       555  N404WN                42             45
    ## 2510            AA      1566  N457AA                50             60
    ## 2511            9E      5746  87839E               113            120
    ## 2512            AA      2246  N476AA               163            174
    ## 2513            UA       452  N840UA               118            124
    ## 2514            XE       209  N16561               113            117
    ## 2515            WN       330  N625SW               107            115
    ## 2516            WN      3409  N504SW                52             55
    ## 2517            OO      4074  N604SK               196            163
    ## 2518            WN      1312  N513SW                43             50
    ## 2519            CO      1441  N32404                75             57
    ## 2520            AA      1202  N579AA                54             60
    ## 2521            WN      2461  N347SW                97             95
    ## 2522            WN      3862  N394SW               180            185
    ## 2523            AA      2059  N413AA                56             60
    ## 2524            WN      3334  N389SW               138            140
    ## 2525            US       229  N168AW               124            139
    ## 2526            OO      5978  N715SK               169            171
    ## 2527            MQ      3824  N685AE                57             50
    ## 2528            WN      2183  N330SW               150            155
    ## 2529            WN      2969  N646SW                48             50
    ## 2530            F9       219  N912FR               133            132
    ## 2531            WN      2021  N741SA               144            155
    ## 2532            WN       780    N293               115            125
    ## 2533            CO       806  N16617               230            270
    ## 2534            B6      1069  N228JB               271            254
    ## 2535            WN      1399  N513SW                49             50
    ## 2536            F9       214  N936FR               135            121
    ## 2537            WN      1671  N615SW                77             85
    ## 2538            AA      1731  N485AA                52             60
    ## 2539            MQ      3441  N670AE                57             55
    ## 2540            OH      5085  N956CA               172            176
    ## 2541            WN       570  N506SW                40             45
    ## 2542            MQ      3443  N685AE                52             55
    ## 2543            CO      1533  N14242                55             57
    ## 2544            AA      2491  N481AA               166            165
    ## 2545            AA       417  N571AA                54             60
    ## 2546            OH      5579  N625CA               145            156
    ## 2547            WN      2529  N397SW                38             45
    ## 2548            AA      1129  N472AA                54             55
    ## 2549            CO      1561  N36280                52             51
    ## 2550            WN       460                        NA             55
    ## 2551            WN       373                        NA             50
    ## 2552            CO       240  N32404                55             55
    ## 2553            YV      2908  N912FJ               145            152
    ## 2554            AA      1157  N481AA                51             60
    ## 2555            AA      1614  N571AA               145            155
    ## 2556            EV      4788  N741EV               125            129
    ## 2557            9E      5743  87839E               132            105
    ## 2558            WN       697  N389SW                63             65
    ## 2559            OH      5574  N956CA               136            152
    ## 2560            F9       211  N936FR               133            135
    ## 2561            CO       852  N16617               211            208
    ## 2562            OO      5964  N715SK               141            159
    ## 2563            WN       311  N506SW                39             45
    ## 2564            WN       128  N727SW                51             55
    ## 2565            WN      3489  N347SW                83             85
    ## 2566            WN      1028  N438WN                42             45
    ## 2567            AA       579  N472AA               241            225
    ## 2568            AA      1182  N4WAAA               170            175
    ## 2569            WN      2443  N305SW                46             50
    ## 2570            WN       754  N741SA               141            155
    ## 2571            XE       541  N14907               117            117
    ## 2572            WN      2974  N274WN                63             65
    ## 2573            B6      1060  N228JB               209            213
    ## 2574            WN      1567  N646SW               133            150
    ## 2575            WN       222  N615SW               119            115
    ## 2576            XE         1  N16178               198            201
    ## 2577            AA       652  N245AA                61             60
    ## 2578            XE       519  N27190                75             77
    ## 2579            CO      1573  N14242                88             59
    ## 2580            CO      1841  N69311                60             52
    ## 2581            DL      1590  N991DL               129            124
    ## 2582            F9       212  N938FR               117            127
    ## 2583            CO       340  N36280               112             56
    ## 2584            WN      2524    N293                94            100
    ## 2585            WN      1194  N389SW                53             60
    ## 2586            XE       303  N16561               147            151
    ## 2587            WN      1028  N438WN                63             70
    ## 2588            UA       657  N840UA               249            236
    ## 2589            WN       906  N634SW                51             50
    ## 2590            WN       478  N214WN               159            165
    ## 2591            B6      1061  N258JB               265            267
    ## 2592            AA      1465  N446AA               178            190
    ## 2593            AA      1109  N561AA                58             60
    ## 2594            OO      4009  N604SK               198            190
    ## 2595            MQ      3890  N670AE                60             55
    ## 2596            AA      1958  N476AA                55             60
    ## 2597            WN      2530  N305SW                46             55
    ## 2598            WN       297  N499WN               158            160
    ## 2599            WN      3502  N695SW                43             45
    ## 2600            CO       440  N12218               123             57
    ## 2601            WN      1137  N327SW               144            140
    ## 2602            UA       373  N921UA               146            142
    ## 2603            AA      1199  N451AA               176            165
    ## 2604            EV      4677  N922EV               151            159
    ## 2605            WN      2974  N274WN                63             45
    ## 2606            AA       450  N485AA                53             60
    ## 2607            OH      5124  N689CA               140            126
    ## 2608            US       435  N168AW               164            162
    ## 2609            WN      3949  N255WN               124            130
    ## 2610            WN       513  N507SW                46             50
    ## 2611            B6      1263  N179JB               278            285
    ## 2612            AA       379  N4XSAA               187            200
    ## 2613            CO       640  N69311               102             57
    ## 2614            CO      1583  N13624                62             55
    ## 2615            WN      3222  N329SW               150            160
    ## 2616            XE       511  N12552                90            103
    ## 2617            WN      1194  N389SW                47             55
    ## 2618            AA      1743  N3BHAA                54             60
    ## 2619            WN       906  N634SW               180            180
    ## 2620            XE         2  N16178               155            162
    ## 2621            XE      2252  N17159               216            194
    ## 2622            OH      5527  N679CA               190            170
    ## 2623            OO      2930  N506CA               130            115
    ## 2624            CO       350  N14655               270            265
    ## 2625            WN      3502  N695SW               172            190
    ## 2626            XE       311  N14907               118            127
    ## 2627            MQ      3364  N670AE                50             55
    ## 2628            WN      3481  N406WN               225            235
    ## 2629            WN      3489  N347SW               181            180
    ## 2630            AA      1810  N472AA               185            200
    ## 2631            AA       421  N560AA                57             60
    ## 2632            WN      2985  N767SW               148            165
    ## 2633            AA       511  N579AA                55             60
    ## 2634            YV      7345  N506MJ               171            170
    ## 2635            WN       513  N507SW               148            155
    ## 2636            AA       368  N561AA               147            150
    ## 2637            WN      1751  N510SW                53             50
    ## 2638            WN      2358  N311SW                41             45
    ## 2639            EV      4179  N740EV               162            161
    ## 2640            MQ      3355  N646AE                59             50
    ## 2641            CO      1572  N13624                63             57
    ## 2642            WN       304  N612SW               163            170
    ## 2643            9E      5744  80409E               130            120
    ## 2644            AA      1477  N509AA                63             60
    ## 2645            CO       441  N11612                78             57
    ## 2646            EV      4338  N922EV               130            128
    ## 2647            WN      1422  N214WN               105            110
    ## 2648            WN        61  N327SW                45             55
    ## 2649            UA       374  N824UA               193            204
    ## 2650            XE       532  N12552               111            111
    ## 2651            AA      2024  N496AA                60             65
    ## 2652            OH      5580  N625CA               134            140
    ## 2653            XE       531  N14907                98            104
    ## 2654            AA       813  N560AA               195            200
    ## 2655            WN      2445  N311SW                42             45
    ## 2656            WN       154  N633SW               130            135
    ## 2657            F9       215  N938FR               138            134
    ## 2658            WN      1838  N510SW               176            180
    ## 2659            MQ      3488  N646AE                50             55
    ## 2660            WN      1001  N272WN                83             85
    ## 2661            US       225  N315AW               143            141
    ## 2662            CO       741  N18622                62             57
    ## 2663            AA      1717  N422AA                69             60
    ## 2664            OO      2931  N506CA               111            110
    ## 2665            OH      5202  N679CA               255            218
    ## 2666            WN       501  N528SW                51             50
    ## 2667            AA      2486  N451AA               140            155
    ## 2668            YV      7276  N503MJ               170            184
    ## 2669            WN      2985  N767SW               189            205
    ## 2670            B6      1062  N258JB               199            222
    ## 2671            XE       308  N27190               159            180
    ## 2672            XE      2366  N17159               149            165
    ## 2673            WN      3949  N255WN                48             50
    ## 2674            EV      4744  N740EV               148            125
    ## 2675            AA      1198  N509AA               152            165
    ## 2676            AA      1024  N508AA               188            200
    ## 2677            CO       251  N11612               198            230
    ## 2678            AA      1526  N4WAAA                51             60
    ## 2679            AA       668  N549AA                63             60
    ## 2680            WN      3481  N406WN                88            100
    ## 2681            WN       501  N528SW                69             60
    ## 2682            WN       155  N222WN               149            160
    ## 2683            MQ      3412  N646AE                54             55
    ## 2684            CO      1758  N18622                55             57
    ## 2685            AA      1545  N415AA               162            165
    ## 2686            9E      5745  80409E               101            105
    ## 2687            AA      1308  N4YDAA               189            180
    ## 2688            B6      1264  N179JB               205            229
    ## 2689            EV      4882  N708EV               147            148
    ## 2690            US       227  N309AW               134            139
    ## 2691            WN       297  N499WN               139            145
    ## 2692            CO      1540  N14655                55             57
    ## 2693            AA       418  N422AA                83             60
    ## 2694            WN       112  N520SW                59             50
    ## 2695            CO       241  N72405                60             53
    ## 2696            9E      5742  85439E               122            115
    ## 2697            B6      1065  N216JB               257            251
    ## 2698            OH      5339  N446CA               184            178
    ## 2699            WN       687  N260WN               171            180
    ## 2700            OO      4012  N614SK               148            163
    ## 2701            OO      5974  N762SK               120            128
    ## 2702            WN      2124  N624SW                41             45
    ## 2703            AA      1587  N419AA                54             60
    ## 2704            WN      1856  N474WN               108            120
    ## 2705            OO      2932  N506CA               113            115
    ## 2706            WN       303  N329SW                47             50
    ## 2707            AA      1053  N246AA               167            165
    ## 2708            MQ      3503  N646AE                52             55
    ## 2709            XE         2  N16178                70             75
    ## 2710            AA      1563  N433AA               127            135
    ## 2711            WN      1001  N272WN               166            180
    ## 2712            AA       422  N549AA                54             60
    ## 2713            WN       160  N409WN               241            230
    ## 2714            WN      1417  N528SW                56             60
    ## 2715            XE       612  N14907                79             77
    ## 2716            MQ      3446  N670AE                66             55
    ## 2717            WN       700  N309SW                68             50
    ## 2718            CO       317  N14336               265            252
    ## 2719            XE        81  N27190                87             82
    ## 2720            CO      1541  N16642                52             54
    ## 2721            WN       112  N520SW                40             50
    ## 2722            WN      2124  N624SW               140            135
    ## 2723            WN       154  N633SW                50             55
    ## 2724            XE       224  N11164                69             77
    ## 2725            CO      1706  N72405                64             60
    ## 2726            WN      3595  N515SW                62             50
    ## 2727            EV      4161  N759EV               139            156
    ## 2728            WN       813  N600WN               137            145
    ## 2729            EV      4325  N708EV               128            125
    ## 2730            US       644  N315AW               156            157
    ## 2731            AA      1128  N419AA                64             60
    ## 2732            AA      1023  N472AA               238            225
    ## 2733            WN      2529  N673AA               153            160
    ## 2734            AA       559  N4XGAA                66             60
    ## 2735            WN       304  N612SW               125            135
    ## 2736            MQ      3374  N670AE                55             55
    ## 2737            CO       341  N14604                57             55
    ## 2738            WN      1417  N528SW                45             55
    ## 2739            WN       231  N746SW                43             45
    ## 2740            WN       687  N260WN               173            190
    ## 2741            XE        80  N16559                85             88
    ## 2742            WN      3409  N525SW               118            130
    ## 2743            F9       218  N908FR               109            122
    ## 2744            WN       700  N309SW               140            155
    ## 2745            OH      5026  N446CA               144            152
    ## 2746            MQ      3375  N682AE                51             55
    ## 2747            CO      1602  N16642                58             60
    ## 2748            EV      4315  N758EV               147            159
    ## 2749            AA       346  N415AA               165            160
    ## 2750            OO      2933  N506CA               120            110
    ## 2751            YV      2889  N917FJ               125            132
    ## 2752            WN      2793  N521SW                49             50
    ## 2753            9E      5747  85439E               125            106
    ## 2754            YV      7071  N506MJ               180            178
    ## 2755            WN       330  N254WN                77             85
    ## 2756            WN      3595  N515SW                61             65
    ## 2757            UA      1238  N925UA               148            126
    ## 2758            XE       600  N12563               105            103
    ## 2759            XE       224  N11164               196            201
    ## 2760            AA      1646  N433AA               107            120
    ## 2761            AA      1215  N3BFAA                59             60
    ## 2762            WN       231  N746SW                92            100
    ## 2763            WN      1856  N474WN                49             50
    ## 2764            EV      4532  N759EV               142            131
    ## 2765            CO       351  N14604               212            225
    ## 2766            AA       463  N4XGAA                60             65
    ## 2767            WN       373  N520SW                53             50
    ## 2768            MQ      3400  N682AE                55             55
    ## 2769            B6      1068  N216JB               219            223
    ## 2770            AA       479  N544AA                49             60
    ## 2771            OH      5203  N679CA               253            320
    ## 2772            WN       900  N222WN                50             55
    ## 2773            AA      2293  N551AA               174            170
    ## 2774            WN      2880  N521SW                51             55
    ## 2775            YV      7281  N512MJ               233            225
    ## 2776            MQ      3422  N933JN                53             55
    ## 2777            XE         4  N11193               157            162
    ## 2778            WN       160  N409WN                69             70
    ## 2779            AA      1622  N3BLAA               160            160
    ## 2780            WN       555  N512SW                61             65
    ## 2781            OO      4131  N614SK               189            190
    ## 2782            XE       315  N16559               127            127
    ## 2783            AA       502  N472AA               217            200
    ## 2784            WN       870  N600WN               141            150
    ## 2785            AA       563  N490AA                58             60
    ## 2786            AA      1703  N508AA               234            225
    ## 2787            CO      1603  N76504                65             55
    ## 2788            US       224  N309AW               156            157
    ## 2789            OO      5975  N762SK               151            159
    ## 2790            WN      1760  N608SW                46             50
    ## 2791            WN       460  N520SW                54             55
    ## 2792            WN      2374  N617SW                59             55
    ## 2793            CO       620  N14336                57             59
    ## 2794            AA       766  N3BFAA                68             60
    ## 2795            XE       318  N11551                92            104
    ## 2796            WN      2183  N513SW                44             45
    ## 2797            AA       427  N4YDAA               204            195
    ## 2798            MQ      3441  N933JN                54             55
    ## 2799            DL       693  N903DE               163            151
    ## 2800            AA      2246  N482AA               168            174
    ## 2801            XE       312  N12563               129            129
    ## 2802            AA      1051  N499AA               192            205
    ## 2803            WN       555  N512SW                47             45
    ## 2804            WN      3568  N406WN               147            165
    ## 2805            AA      2402  N246AA               217            160
    ## 2806            AA      1566  N544AA                67             60
    ## 2807            9E      5746  84449E               120            120
    ## 2808            AA      1113  N4WAAA                62             60
    ## 2809            XE       209  N11544               115            117
    ## 2810            WN       330  N254WN               103            115
    ## 2811            WN      3409  N525SW                49             55
    ## 2812            CO       806  N62631               268            270
    ## 2813            AA      1202  N542AA                53             60
    ## 2814            MQ      3824  N646AE                47             50
    ## 2815            OO      4074  N340CA               145            163
    ## 2816            WN      3862  N608SW               175            185
    ## 2817            WN      2461  N617SW               100             95
    ## 2818            F9       219  N908FR               134            132
    ## 2819            WN      1312  N520SW                45             50
    ## 2820            AA      2059  N490AA                60             60
    ## 2821            WN      2183  N513SW               143            155
    ## 2822            US       229  N155AW               125            139
    ## 2823            CO      1441  N73259                52             57
    ## 2824            WN      3334  N354SW               133            140
    ## 2825            WN      2969  N352SW                44             50
    ## 2826            WN       780  N479WN               117            125
    ## 2827            WN      2529  N673AA                43             45
    ## 2828            OO      5978  N715SK               168            171
    ## 2829            B6      1069  N228JB               234            254
    ## 2830            MQ      3443  N646AE                50             55
    ## 2831            F9       214  N917FR               111            121
    ## 2832            WN      1399  N520SW                45             50
    ## 2833            AA      1731  N449AA                54             60
    ## 2834            WN      2021  N736SA               139            155
    ## 2835            OH      5085  N962CA               174            176
    ## 2836            WN      1671  N224WN                79             85
    ## 2837            CO      1533  N12216                63             57
    ## 2838            WN       570  N503SW                46             45
    ## 2839            AA       417  N527AA                52             60
    ## 2840            OH      5579  N398CA               180            156
    ## 2841            YV      2890  N917FJ               182            181
    ## 2842            AA      2491  N4XNAA               161            165
    ## 2843            CO      1561  N73283                53             51
    ## 2844            AA      1129  N424AA                41             55
    ## 2845            YV      2892  N935LR               144            159
    ## 2846            UA       509                        NA            137
    ## 2847            MQ      3366                        NA             60
    ## 2848            UA       452                        NA            124
    ## 2849            MQ      3362                        NA             55
    ## 2850            CO       240  N73259                51             55
    ## 2851            YV      2908  N935LR               153            152
    ## 2852            MQ      3362  N646AE                60             55
    ## 2853            AA      1157  N4XNAA                82             60
    ## 2854            EV      4788  N758EV               126            129
    ## 2855            AA      1614  N472AA               162            155
    ## 2856            WN       697  N352SW                64             65
    ## 2857            F9       211  N917FR               148            135
    ## 2858            OH      5574  N962CA               135            152
    ## 2859            CO       852  N62631               236            208
    ## 2860            WN       128  N736SA                52             55
    ## 2861            OO      5964  N715SK               173            159
    ## 2862            WN       311  N503SW                44             45
    ## 2863            WN      3489  N617SW                78             85
    ## 2864            WN      1028  N453WN                43             45
    ## 2865            AA       579  N449AA               227            225
    ## 2866            AA      1182  N4XGAA               169            175
    ## 2867            9E      5743  84449E               103            105
    ## 2868            WN      2443  N605SW                42             50
    ## 2869            WN       754  N479WN               147            155
    ## 2870            CO       340  N73283                52             56
    ## 2871            XE       541  N14186               119            117
    ## 2872            XE         1  N11551               202            201
    ## 2873            WN      2974  N756SA                57             65
    ## 2874            B6      1060  N228JB               228            213
    ## 2875            WN      1567  N354SW               145            150
    ## 2876            WN       222  N406WN               111            115
    ## 2877            AA       652  N527AA                72             60
    ## 2878            MQ      3366  N646AE                53             60
    ## 2879            XE       519  N11193                74             77
    ## 2880            CO      1841  N14324                64             52
    ## 2881            DL      1590  N903DE               114            124
    ## 2882            CO      1573  N12216                54             59
    ## 2883            F9       212  N932FR               112            127
    ## 2884            XE       303  N11544               140            151
    ## 2885            WN      2524  N224WN                92            100
    ## 2886            WN      1194  N352SW                54             60
    ## 2887            WN      1028  N453WN                63             70
    ## 2888            AA      1958  N482AA                66             60
    ## 2889            WN       906  N689SW                47             50
    ## 2890            WN       478  N766SW               150            165
    ## 2891            AA      1465  N499AA               202            190
    ## 2892            AA      1109  N402AA                53             60
    ## 2893            MQ      3890  N933JN                50             55
    ## 2894            WN      2530  N605SW                48             55
    ## 2895            OO      4009  N340CA               192            190
    ## 2896            WN      3502  N688SW                49             45
    ## 2897            UA       373  N925UA               158            142
    ## 2898            WN       297  N260WN               140            160
    ## 2899            AA      1199  N506AA               153            165
    ## 2900            B6      1061  N198JB               321            267
    ## 2901            WN      1137  N287WN               124            140
    ## 2902            XE       511  N12563                80            103
    ## 2903            CO       440  N76504                61             57
    ## 2904            WN      2974  N756SA                38             45
    ## 2905            OH      5124  N679CA               127            126
    ## 2906            CO      1583  N33637                57             55
    ## 2907            US       435  N155AW               175            162
    ## 2908            AA       450  N551AA                56             60
    ## 2909            EV      4677  N920EV               144            159
    ## 2910            WN      3949  N327SW               115            130
    ## 2911            WN       513  N522SW                46             50
    ## 2912            AA       379  N4WAAA               205            200
    ## 2913            WN      3222  N346SW               143            160
    ## 2914            CO       640  N14324                59             57
    ## 2915            AA      1743  N3BLAA                76             60
    ## 2916            WN      1194  N352SW                54             55
    ## 2917            WN       906  N689SW               183            180
    ## 2918            XE      2252  N11107               188            194
    ## 2919            AA      1810  N449AA               178            200
    ## 2920            CO       350  N14609               323            265
    ## 2921            XE         2  N27190               150            162
    ## 2922            OO      2930  N472CA               106            115
    ## 2923            MQ      3364  N933JN                59             55
    ## 2924            WN      3502  N688SW               191            190
    ## 2925            XE       311  N14186               109            127
    ## 2926            B6      1263  N281JB               284            285
    ## 2927            OH      5527  N678CA               195            170
    ## 2928            AA       421  N482AA                48             60
    ## 2929            WN      3489  N617SW               175            180
    ## 2930            UA       657  N821UA               251            236
    ## 2931            9E      5744  88089E               123            120
    ## 2932            WN      3481  N432WN               215            235
    ## 2933            WN      2985  N776WN               149            165
    ## 2934            AA       511  N402AA                54             60
    ## 2935            WN       513  N522SW               161            155
    ## 2936            CO       441  N16647                51             57
    ## 2937            AA       368  N542AA               153            150
    ## 2938            WN      1751  N506SW                48             50
    ## 2939            WN      2358  N337SW                42             45
    ## 2940            YV      7345  N514MJ               167            170
    ## 2941            CO      1572  N33637                55             57
    ## 2942            MQ      3355  N682AE                48             50
    ## 2943            EV      4179  N710EV               144            161
    ## 2944            WN       304  N671SW               154            170
    ## 2945            XE       532  N12563               109            111
    ## 2946            EV      4338  N920EV               119            128
    ## 2947            AA      1477  N533AA                50             60
    ## 2948            US       225  N308AW               117            141
    ## 2949            WN      1422  N766SW               105            110
    ## 2950            UA       374  N822UA               183            204
    ## 2951            AA      2024  N424AA                59             65
    ## 2952            WN        61  N287WN                49             55
    ## 2953            XE       531  N14186                89            104
    ## 2954            OH      5580  N398CA               142            140
    ## 2955            F9       215  N932FR               138            134
    ## 2956            WN       154  N618WN               123            135
    ## 2957            AA       813  N482AA               203            200
    ## 2958            WN      2445  N337SW                37             45
    ## 2959            WN      1838  N506SW               187            180
    ## 2960            WN      1001  N734SA                82             85
    ## 2961            MQ      3488  N682AE                49             55
    ## 2962            OO      2931  N472CA               104            110
    ## 2963            WN       501  N374SW                49             50
    ## 2964            CO       741  N52616                59             57
    ## 2965            AA      2486  N506AA               143            155
    ## 2966            YV      7276  N512MJ               168            184
    ## 2967            XE      2366  N11107               165            165
    ## 2968            AA      1717  N402AA                58             60
    ## 2969            WN      2985  N776WN               204            205
    ## 2970            XE       308  N11193               182            180
    ## 2971            9E      5745  88089E               104            105
    ## 2972            WN      3949  N327SW                49             50
    ## 2973            OH      5202  N678CA               220            218
    ## 2974            AA      1198  N533AA               145            165
    ## 2975            AA      1526  N4XGAA                64             60
    ## 2976            AA      1024  N529AA               180            200
    ## 2977            EV      4744  N710EV               128            125
    ## 2978            AA      1545  N555AA               165            165
    ## 2979            CO       251  N16647               280            230
    ## 2980            AA       668  N405AA                47             60
    ## 2981            WN      3481  N432WN                93            100
    ## 2982            WN       155  N375SW               145            160
    ## 2983            MQ      3412  N682AE                46             55
    ## 2984            WN       501  N374SW                57             60
    ## 2985            WN       687  N356SW               169            180
    ## 2986            OH      5339  N409CA               176            178
    ## 2987            US       227  N314AW               130            139
    ## 2988            WN       297  N260WN               133            145
    ## 2989            CO      1758  N52616                49             57
    ## 2990            AA       418  N402AA                72             60
    ## 2991            AA      1308  N4YAAA               161            180
    ## 2992            WN       112  N511SW                46             50
    ## 2993            B6      1264  N281JB               217            229
    ## 2994            WN      2124  N692SW                44             45
    ## 2995            9E      5742  85169E               113            115
    ## 2996            OO      4012  N603SK               148            163
    ## 2997            OO      5974  N716SK               120            128
    ## 2998            WN      1856  N221WN               106            120
    ## 2999            AA      1587  N4UCAA                58             60
    ## 3000            EV      4882  N847AS               145            152
    ## 3001            CO       241  N13248                42             53
    ## 3002            OO      2932  N472CA               112            115
    ## 3003            MQ      3503  N682AE                57             55
    ## 3004            WN       813  N306SW               134            145
    ## 3005            AA      1053  N520AA               167            165
    ## 3006            WN       303  N346SW                49             50
    ## 3007            CO      1540  N14609                51             57
    ## 3008            AA      1563  N4YKAA               126            135
    ## 3009            XE         2  N27190                63             75
    ## 3010            WN      1417  N374SW                60             60
    ## 3011            AA       422  N405AA                65             60
    ## 3012            WN      1001  N734SA               166            180
    ## 3013            WN       160  N243WN               210            230
    ## 3014            XE       612  N14186                70             77
    ## 3015            MQ      3446  N933JN                63             55
    ## 3016            XE        81  N11193                77             82
    ## 3017            WN      2124  N692SW               132            135
    ## 3018            WN       112  N511SW                42             50
    ## 3019            WN       700  N654SW                45             50
    ## 3020            XE       224  N16178                78             77
    ## 3021            CO       317  N33714               241            252
    ## 3022            WN       154  N618WN                51             55
    ## 3023            EV      4161  N708EV               152            156
    ## 3024            AA      1023  N449AA               235            225
    ## 3025            AA       559  N4YEAA                47             60
    ## 3026            CO      1706  N13248                57             60
    ## 3027            WN      3595  N513SW                46             50
    ## 3028            US       644  N308AW               153            157
    ## 3029            AA      1128  N4UCAA                68             60
    ## 3030            B6      1062  N198JB               229            222
    ## 3031            OH      5026  N409CA               143            152
    ## 3032            WN       687  N356SW               187            190
    ## 3033            WN       304  N671SW               123            135
    ## 3034            CO      1541  N14609                56             54
    ## 3035            EV      4325  N847AS               122            129
    ## 3036            WN      2529  N482WN               143            160
    ## 3037            CO       341  N17614                55             55
    ## 3038            WN       231  N414WN                52             45
    ## 3039            WN      1417  N374SW                55             55
    ## 3040            WN       700  N654SW               148            155
    ## 3041            MQ      3374  N933JN                58             55
    ## 3042            XE        80  N14203                76             88
    ## 3043            WN      3409  N523SW               118            130
    ## 3044            9E      5747  85169E                89            106
    ## 3045            AA       346  N555AA               142            160
    ## 3046            F9       218  N922FR               118            122
    ## 3047            B6      1065  N274JB               278            251
    ## 3048            MQ      3375  N620AE                47             55
    ## 3049            YV      2889  N909FJ               125            132
    ## 3050            WN      2793  N504SW                45             50
    ## 3051            OO      2933  N472CA               110            110
    ## 3052            YV      7071  N514MJ               173            178
    ## 3053            AA      1215  N3ARAA                45             60
    ## 3054            WN      3595  N513SW                60             65
    ## 3055            XE       600  N13553                85            103
    ## 3056            WN       330  N216WR                78             85
    ## 3057            UA      1238  N933UA               121            126
    ## 3058            XE       224  N16178               194            201
    ## 3059            WN       900  N306SW                50             55
    ## 3060            EV      4532  N708EV               131            131
    ## 3061            AA       463  N4YEAA                67             65
    ## 3062            AA      1646  N4YKAA               108            120
    ## 3063            EV      4315  N716EV               143            159
    ## 3064            WN      1856  N221WN                39             50
    ## 3065            CO      1602  N14609                63             60
    ## 3066            WN       231  N414WN                93            100
    ## 3067            WN       373  N511SW                42             50
    ## 3068            MQ      3400  N620AE                56             55
    ## 3069            AA       479  N4UCAA                53             60
    ## 3070            AA      2402  N520AA               146            160
    ## 3071            UA       509  N822UA               137            137
    ## 3072            OH      5203  N678CA               270            320
    ## 3073            WN       160  N243WN                63             70
    ## 3074            AA       502  N449AA               190            200
    ## 3075            WN       870  N375SW               140            150
    ## 3076            XE         4  N11194               173            162
    ## 3077            AA      2293  N576AA               166            170
    ## 3078            WN      2880  N504SW                47             55
    ## 3079            MQ      3422  N660CL                50             55
    ## 3080            AA      1622  N3DGAA               150            160
    ## 3081            XE       315  N14203               133            127
    ## 3082            WN       555  N640SW                60             65
    ## 3083            OO      4131  N603SK               184            190
    ## 3084            AA       563  N570AA                52             60
    ## 3085            WN      1760  N680AA                47             50
    ## 3086            AA       766  N3ARAA                58             60
    ## 3087            AA      1703  N529AA               235            225
    ## 3088            CO      1603  N14242                54             55
    ## 3089            US       224  N314AW               142            157
    ## 3090            CO       620  N33714                56             59
    ## 3091            CO       351  N17614               198            225
    ## 3092            WN      2374  N678AA                49             55
    ## 3093            WN       460  N511SW                50             55
    ## 3094            AA      1113  N4XGAA                48             60
    ## 3095            XE       318  N14162               103            104
    ## 3096            AA       427  N4YAAA               193            195
    ## 3097            WN      2183  N521SW                42             45
    ## 3098            MQ      3441  N660CL                52             55
    ## 3099            DL       693  N912DL               160            151
    ## 3100            WN      3568  N432WN               151            165
    ## 3101            AA      2246  N202AA               155            174
    ## 3102            AA      1566  N4UCAA                65             60
    ## 3103            WN       555  N640SW                39             45
    ## 3104            9E      5746  89779E               123            120
    ## 3105            XE       209  N18557               116            117
    ## 3106            UA       452  N822UA               112            124
    ## 3107            MQ      3824  N682AE                43             50
    ## 3108            WN       330  N216WR               101            115
    ## 3109            CO      1441  N73406                48             57
    ## 3110            WN      3409  N523SW                51             55
    ## 3111            WN      3862  N680AA               183            185
    ## 3112            AA      1202  N560AA                58             60
    ## 3113            F9       219  N922FR               130            132
    ## 3114            WN      1312  N515SW                43             50
    ## 3115            WN      2461  N678AA                95             95
    ## 3116            OO      4074  N611SK               158            163
    ## 3117            AA      2059  N570AA                58             60
    ## 3118            US       229  N160AW               123            139
    ## 3119            XE       312  N13553               125            129
    ## 3120            WN      2183  N521SW               155            155
    ## 3121            YV      7281  N512MJ               218            225
    ## 3122            B6      1068  N274JB               197            223
    ## 3123            OO      5978  N744SK               169            171
    ## 3124            WN      2021  N276WN               133            155
    ## 3125            WN       780  N703SW               111            125
    ## 3126            WN      2529  N482WN                40             45
    ## 3127            WN      3334  N636WN               133            140
    ## 3128            MQ      3443  N682AE                47             55
    ## 3129            WN      1671  N665WN                78             85
    ## 3130            CO       806  N17627               267            270
    ## 3131            B6      1069  N228JB               256            254
    ## 3132            F9       214  N937FR               112            121
    ## 3133            WN      1399  N515SW                48             50
    ## 3134            AA      1731  N546AA                48             60
    ## 3135            OH      5085  N430CA               182            176
    ## 3136            WN       570  N509SW                44             45
    ## 3137            CO      1533  N63305                58             57
    ## 3138            AA       417  N488AA                65             60
    ## 3139            WN      2969  N689SW                48             50
    ## 3140            AA      2491  N566AA               162            165
    ## 3141            YV      2890  N909FJ               180            181
    ## 3142            OH      5579  N690CA               171            156
    ## 3143            AA      1129  N444AA                47             55
    ## 3144            CO      1561  N76269                52             51
    ## 3145            AA      1051  N511AA               197            205
    ## 3146            YV      2892  N912FJ               150            159
    ## 3147            OO      5975  N716SK                NA            159
    ## 3148            CO       240  N73406                54             53
    ## 3149            AA      1614  N202AA               136            155
    ## 3150            AA      1157  N566AA                57             60
    ## 3151            EV      4788  N716EV               115            129
    ## 3152            US        86  N160AW               186            157
    ## 3153            F9       211  N937FR               127            135
    ## 3154            OO      5964  N744SK               140            159
    ## 3155            CO       340  N76269                46             54
    ## 3156            AA      1182  N4WYAA               173            175
    ## 3157            XE         1  N14162               199            201
    ## 3158            XE       541  N12552               119            117
    ## 3159            AA       652  N449AA                71             60
    ## 3160            WN       190  N607SW               145            160
    ## 3161            WN       674  N509SW                93            100
    ## 3162            WN       544  N467WN                54             60
    ## 3163            WN       222  N665WN               110            115
    ## 3164            XE       519  N11194                69             77
    ## 3165            DL      1590  N912DL               116            124
    ## 3166            F9       212  N805FR               111            127
    ## 3167            XE       303  N18557               138            151
    ## 3168            WN       665  N292WN                58             65
    ## 3169            AA      1958  N444AA                57             60
    ## 3170            B6      1060  N228JB               192            213
    ## 3171            WN      1028  N689SW                67             70
    ## 3172            UA       657  N822UA               237            236
    ## 3173            YV      2970  N912FJ               157            152
    ## 3174            B6      1061  N249JB               262            267
    ## 3175            AA      1465  N511AA               193            190
    ## 3176            WN       478  N777QC               145            165
    ## 3177            AA      1109  N537AA                75             60
    ## 3178            OO      4009  N611SK               195            190
    ## 3179            OH      5574  N430CA               143            152
    ## 3180            MQ      3890  N620AE                49             55
    ## 3181            WN      2530  N636WN                52             55
    ## 3182            UA       373  N933UA               152            142
    ## 3183            WN      2654  N449WN                43             45
    ## 3184            YV      7446  N503MJ               281            225
    ## 3185            WN       297  N282WN               148            160
    ## 3186            CO       440  N14242                56             57
    ## 3187            AA      1199  N409AA               173            165
    ## 3188            WN      1137  N684WN               153            140
    ## 3189            WN       544  N467WN                43             45
    ## 3190            WN       996  N703SW                62             65
    ## 3191            XE       511  N13553               101            103
    ## 3192            CO      1583  N59630                51             52
    ## 3193            AA       450  N560AA                64             60
    ## 3194            EV      4677  N871AS               150            159
    ## 3195            OH      5124  N678CA               115            126
    ## 3196            WN       513  N504SW                41             50
    ## 3197            XE         2  N14162               155            162
    ## 3198            AA       379  N4XGAA               214            200
    ## 3199            B6      1263  N265JB               270            285
    ## 3200            WN       906  N292WN               178            180
    ## 3201            OO      2930  N710BR               123            115
    ## 3202            OH      5527  N693CA               185            170
    ## 3203            AA      1743  N3DGAA                53             60
    ## 3204            WN      2654  N449WN               177            190
    ## 3205            WN      3481  N222WN               219            235
    ## 3206            XE      2252  N18120               192            194
    ## 3207            MQ      3364  N620AE                51             55
    ## 3208            XE       311  N12552               118            127
    ## 3209            AA       421  N444AA                48             60
    ## 3210            WN      2985  N706SW               152            165
    ## 3211            9E      5744  85249E               110            120
    ## 3212            AA       511  N537AA                68             60
    ## 3213            WN       707  N276WN               136            150
    ## 3214            WN       716  N432WN               157            180
    ## 3215            WN       513  N504SW               151            155
    ## 3216            WN      1751  N523SW                48             50
    ## 3217            AA       368  N546AA               138            150
    ## 3218            CO      1572  N59630                56             57
    ## 3219            EV      4179  N716EV               161            161
    ## 3220            MQ      3355  N660CL                55             50
    ## 3221            WN       304  N604SW               158            170
    ## 3222            EV      4338  N871AS               119            128
    ## 3223            WN      2358  N797MX                45             45
    ## 3224            AA      1477  N486AA                56             60
    ## 3225            XE       532  N13553               105            111
    ##      AirTime ArrDelay DepDelay Origin Dest Distance TaxiIn TaxiOut
    ## 1         88      339      345    MEM  AUS      559      3      18
    ## 2        133       -9       -5    AUS  ORD      978      7      11
    ## 3        125       -1        0    AUS  PHX      872      7      16
    ## 4         70      -23       -4    AUS  MEM      559      4      12
    ## 5         38       -6        1    AUS  DFW      190      5      10
    ## 6        145        2       -9    AUS  MSP     1042     11      22
    ## 7         28      -15       -9    AUS  IAH      140      6      15
    ## 8         94      -16      -10    MCI  AUS      650      6      11
    ## 9        153       -6        0    LAX  AUS     1242      4      12
    ## 10       177      -16       -6    AUS  JFK     1522     13      13
    ## 11        36        0        7    AUS  DFW      190      6      11
    ## 12        56       -6        0    AUS  MSY      445      5      10
    ## 13        28       -6       -4    AUS  IAH      140     13      16
    ## 14       121      -17       -5    AUS  TUS      797      4      14
    ## 15       123       -3       -5    AUS  MDW      972     15      14
    ## 16        38       -2       -4    AUS  DFW      190     13      11
    ## 17       203      -19       -8    AUS  SFO     1504      3      21
    ## 18       179       -6      -10    AUS  SNA     1209      4      11
    ## 19        68      -13       -7    ELP  AUS      528      3       8
    ## 20       257       12       -2    JFK  AUS     1522      4      23
    ## 21       163       33       55    AUS  ONT     1197      4      12
    ## 22       171        8       -5    AUS  SLC     1085     18      14
    ## 23        31      -13       -6    AUS  IAH      140      5      14
    ## 24       139      -12       -4    ORD  AUS      978      4      14
    ## 25       129       -4       -6    AUS  DEN      775      5      10
    ## 26        74      -19       -1    MSY  AUS      445      4       7
    ## 27       139        5       12    SAN  AUS     1164      4      10
    ## 28        28       -4       -2    IAH  AUS      140      5      20
    ## 29        93       -8       -5    AUS  ATL      813      8      22
    ## 30       131      -11       -3    ATL  AUS      813      3      17
    ## 31        36       29       32    DFW  AUS      190      4      17
    ## 32        35        1       -1    AUS  DFW      190     13      14
    ## 33       130       -6       -3    AUS  PHX      872      9      12
    ## 34       218       20       -2    IAD  AUS     1297      4      16
    ## 35       136      -13       -4    LAS  AUS     1090      4      11
    ## 36       173      -13        0    AUS  LAX     1242      4      10
    ## 37       185       10       -4    CLE  AUS     1174      5      18
    ## 38        35      -14       -3    AUS  DFW      190      5       9
    ## 39        92       -7       -7    MCI  AUS      650      6      17
    ## 40       151       -8        3    AUS  LAS     1090      7      11
    ## 41        30      -10       -8    AUS  IAH      140      9      17
    ## 42       224       -5       -6    BWI  AUS     1342      5       7
    ## 43       268       30       22    BOS  AUS     1698      3      22
    ## 44       163      -11        1    AUS  SAN     1164      3      12
    ## 45       100      -16       -3    AUS  ABQ      619      4      10
    ## 46        93       -8        0    MEM  AUS      559      3      12
    ## 47        37      -11       -2    DFW  AUS      190      2      12
    ## 48       141      -18        1    AUS  BWI     1342     10      10
    ## 49       144       30       36    ONT  AUS     1197      5       7
    ## 50        48       -8       -4    LBB  AUS      341      5       8
    ## 51       141      -14       -3    TPA  AUS      928      3      10
    ## 52        32       -4       -3    AUS  IAH      140     10      14
    ## 53       126       -6        6    AUS  PHX      872      8       9
    ## 54        34      -15       -9    DAL  AUS      189      3       7
    ## 55        27       -3       -3    IAH  AUS      140      6      24
    ## 56       131        1        1    AUS  ORD      978      8      11
    ## 57        34       24       22    AUS  DFW      190     15      13
    ## 58       153       -4        1    LAX  AUS     1242      4       8
    ## 59       101       -2       -7    AUS  MCI      650      3      12
    ## 60       112      -14       -1    AUS  CVG      958      5       9
    ## 61       108       -8       -2    PHX  AUS      872      4      24
    ## 62        95       -7        0    AUS  ATL      813      9      17
    ## 63        39       -8       -5    AUS  DAL      189      2      11
    ## 64        38       -6       -5    AUS  DFW      190     10      16
    ## 65        32       -4       -1    AUS  HOU      148      2       8
    ## 66        82      -20      -10    ABQ  AUS      619      5       7
    ## 67        28       -2       -2    IAH  AUS      140      5      24
    ## 68        33       10       19    DFW  AUS      190      3      15
    ## 69       126       -3      -10    AUS  DEN      775      5      10
    ## 70       107      -14        0    PHX  AUS      872      3      11
    ## 71       170      -11       -3    AUS  LAX     1242     12      10
    ## 72        37      -14       -7    AUS  DAL      189      2       9
    ## 73       154      -12        0    AUS  LAS     1090      5       9
    ## 74        94        1       -1    AUS  MCI      650      5      13
    ## 75        35       -4       -1    DFW  AUS      190      4      18
    ## 76       209       70       15    AUS  JFK     1522     48      16
    ## 77        71       11       13    ELP  AUS      528      5       7
    ## 78        35       -4        0    DAL  AUS      189      4       7
    ## 79       136       -2       -4    AUS  ORD      978      4      17
    ## 80       151        0       -3    AUS  CLE     1174      6      11
    ## 81        74      -17       -5    AUS  MEM      559      5      13
    ## 82       170      -17        0    AUS  LAX     1242      8      10
    ## 83       148       -4       14    AUS  IAD     1297      7      14
    ## 84       185       38       30    SFO  AUS     1504      5      23
    ## 85        39       -1       -1    AUS  DAL      189      2       9
    ## 86       149      -14       -1    JAX  AUS      954      4      14
    ## 87       166      -19        9    AUS  JFK     1522     10      18
    ## 88       126      -12        4    AUS  RDU     1162     11      12
    ## 89        32       -9       -7    AUS  IAH      140      8      15
    ## 90       180        4       11    SJC  AUS     1476      3      10
    ## 91        98       -5        3    AUS  ATL      813      9      10
    ## 92        36       13        0    DFW  AUS      190      4      33
    ## 93       177       47       56    AUS  EWR     1504      8      36
    ## 94        78       -4       -1    AUS  ELP      528      9      10
    ## 95       136       -3       11    ORD  AUS      978      3      12
    ## 96        38       14       18    AUS  DFW      190      8      10
    ## 97       133       -4        3    LAS  AUS     1090      5      15
    ## 98        33      -11       -1    DAL  AUS      189      3       9
    ## 99        47       -4       -2    AUS  HRL      273      3       8
    ## 100       33      -13      -10    AUS  IAH      140      7      14
    ## 101      134       -2        2    ATL  AUS      813      5      15
    ## 102      108      -24       -8    PHX  AUS      872      4      14
    ## 103      151       -5        4    LAX  AUS     1242      7      13
    ## 104      151        4       16    MCO  AUS      993      3      14
    ## 105      114      -19       -3    AUS  MCO      993      6       9
    ## 106      155       18       10    CVG  AUS      958      7      24
    ## 107      246       11       -1    JFK  AUS     1522      3      17
    ## 108      183        2       22    AUS  BOS     1698      5      21
    ## 109      128      -10       -2    SLC  AUS     1085      5      22
    ## 110       39       10       16    AUS  DFW      190      7       8
    ## 111       28       18       17    HOU  AUS      148      4      14
    ## 112       92       -8        5    DEN  AUS      775      4      11
    ## 113       38        0       -1    AUS  DAL      189      2      11
    ## 114       29       12        9    IAH  AUS      140      6      21
    ## 115      132       40       46    ORD  AUS      978      4      23
    ## 116      124        6       13    BNA  AUS      756      3      11
    ## 117       40       -4       -1    AUS  DAL      189      3       9
    ## 118      101      -19       -4    STL  AUS      722      7      12
    ## 119       44      -12       -5    HRL  AUS      273      3       6
    ## 120       36       -2        6    AUS  DFW      190      7       9
    ## 121       59       -9       -8    AUS  MSY      445      5      12
    ## 122      251       13       -1    EWR  AUS     1504      6      16
    ## 123      149       -6       12    AUS  BWI     1342      4       9
    ## 124       36       26       27    DAL  AUS      189      3      10
    ## 125      125       -2       23    ORD  AUS      978      4      11
    ## 126       55       27       29    AUS  OKC      358      6      12
    ## 127       35        3        0    DAL  AUS      189      5      18
    ## 128       29        9        0    IAH  AUS      140      6      28
    ## 129       88       24       35    MCI  AUS      650      4      12
    ## 130       38       47       55    DFW  AUS      190      3      11
    ## 131       66       -7       -4    AUS  TUL      426      4       9
    ## 132       92       54       50    DEN  AUS      775      4      33
    ## 133      225       29       25    BWI  AUS     1342      3       6
    ## 134       38       -5       -2    AUS  DAL      189      3      11
    ## 135       92       75       76    MEM  AUS      559      5      17
    ## 136      125       23       19    AUS  DEN      775      6       8
    ## 137       53        5        0    OKC  AUS      358      4      25
    ## 138       28       -4        5    HOU  AUS      148      2       6
    ## 139      102      -14       -1    AUS  ATL      813      7      16
    ## 140      129        6       -4    AUS  PHX      872      6      29
    ## 141       38        6        0    DFW  AUS      190      6      22
    ## 142       34       -4        1    DAL  AUS      189      3       8
    ## 143       31        1        5    AUS  IAH      140     17      13
    ## 144      110      -12       -1    AUS  TPA      928      5       9
    ## 145      163       -9        6    AUS  SAN     1164      2      10
    ## 146      140        7       11    SAN  AUS     1164      5      11
    ## 147       39       -4        0    AUS  DAL      189      3       9
    ## 148      131       16       29    AUS  PHX      872      3       8
    ## 149      139       28       22    AUS  CVG      958      6      13
    ## 150       62      -17       -5    TUL  AUS      426      6       8
    ## 151       30       22       18    IAH  AUS      140      3      26
    ## 152       35       12       -1    AUS  IAH      140      8      30
    ## 153       40       12       16    AUS  DAL      189      2       9
    ## 154      104       -8        6    PHX  AUS      872      4       8
    ## 155      139       20       10    AUS  ORD      978     16      15
    ## 156      150      146      129    ATL  AUS      813     10       9
    ## 157      126      -15       -2    ATL  AUS      813      6      14
    ## 158       79       -4        2    AUS  ELP      528      5      10
    ## 159       33        2       10    DAL  AUS      189      4      10
    ## 160      104      -18       -3    PHX  AUS      872      4      13
    ## 161      195       62       78    AUS  SJC     1476      2      12
    ## 162       97       13       20    DEN  AUS      775      5      15
    ## 163       35       -7        0    DFW  AUS      190      5      13
    ## 164       47       -6       -1    AUS  MAF      294      5       8
    ## 165       68       -6        2    ELP  AUS      528      4       5
    ## 166      162      -21       -2    AUS  ONT     1197      7      13
    ## 167       38        7       14    AUS  DAL      189      2       8
    ## 168      102      -18      -10    AUS  STL      722      2       8
    ## 169      101       30       30    AUS  MCI      650      7       2
    ## 170       94       15       25    DEN  AUS      775      4      14
    ## 171       74       39       51    AUS  MEM      559      8      16
    ## 172       29      -12        0    AUS  HOU      148      2       7
    ## 173      147       11       18    AUS  IAD     1297      8      16
    ## 174      229       -7       25    JFK  AUS     1522      6      46
    ## 175       35       -4        1    DAL  AUS      189      4       6
    ## 176      133       -6       -4    AUS  PHX      872      5      14
    ## 177       39        6       -3    AUS  DAL      189      5      20
    ## 178       37       18       27    AUS  DFW      190      8      11
    ## 179      170      -27        0    AUS  JFK     1522      9      17
    ## 180      178        6       15    AUS  EWR     1504     10      28
    ## 181      149       -5       -7    ONT  AUS     1197      6       9
    ## 182       36       -9       -5    DAL  AUS      189      7       8
    ## 183       47       -8       -4    LBB  AUS      341      4      10
    ## 184      143        4        4    SNA  AUS     1209      4      13
    ## 185       27       15        6    IAH  AUS      140      7      30
    ## 186       94      -18        0    AUS  ABQ      619      6       9
    ## 187      152       59       20    AUS  ORD      978     32      15
    ## 188      154      -20        0    AUS  SLC     1085     10       6
    ## 189       35       -5        1    DAL  AUS      189      3       6
    ## 190       74       66       80    MSY  AUS      445      6       9
    ## 191       52       21       28    AUS  LBB      341      3       8
    ## 192       38       11       -1    AUS  DFW      190     24      10
    ## 193       31        5       -5    AUS  IAH      140     14      24
    ## 194      119       43       36    AUS  DEN      775      8      12
    ## 195       40       -6       -2    AUS  DAL      189      3       8
    ## 196      137        2       -5    ATL  AUS      813      6      15
    ## 197       45        0       -1    MAF  AUS      294      4       7
    ## 198       92      121      136    AUS  ATL      813      8      16
    ## 199      193       -1       18    AUS  SJC     1476      4       9
    ## 200       37       40       34    DFW  AUS      190      6      23
    ## 201      128       37       59    ORD  AUS      978      6      14
    ## 202       81      -20      -10    ABQ  AUS      619      5       8
    ## 203      181       66       70    SJC  AUS     1476      5      10
    ## 204      147      122       79    AUS  ORD      978      6      46
    ## 205      166       -1        5    AUS  LAX     1242      8      15
    ## 206       38       -8       -5    AUS  DAL      189      4      10
    ## 207      152       -5       -5    LAX  AUS     1242      9      13
    ## 208       28       -8       -3    AUS  HOU      148      4       8
    ## 209       37       14       25    DFW  AUS      190      3       9
    ## 210      153       -4        4    AUS  LAS     1090     15       9
    ## 211       29       23        6    IAH  AUS      140      5      40
    ## 212       97       -1        3    TUS  AUS      797      4      12
    ## 213      196       42       30    RDU  AUS     1162      4      17
    ## 214       92       -2        7    AUS  BNA      756      5       9
    ## 215       38       -8       -4    AUS  DAL      189      4       9
    ## 216       27       37       43    HOU  AUS      148      4       8
    ## 217       34       10        4    DAL  AUS      189      6      16
    ## 218      132        4       10    LAS  AUS     1090      5      12
    ## 219      140      134      127    AUS  MDW      972      6      11
    ## 220       39       22       13    DFW  AUS      190      8      22
    ## 221       81        4        4    AUS  ELP      528      3      11
    ## 222      120       12        3    AUS  DEN      775      8      14
    ## 223      106      -12        1    PHX  AUS      872      6      19
    ## 224      108       60       63    AUS  JAX      954     10       8
    ## 225       91       45       56    DEN  AUS      775      5      13
    ## 226      125        7       32    MSP  AUS     1042      6      12
    ## 227       36       13       21    AUS  DFW      190      9       7
    ## 228       33        6       12    DAL  AUS      189      3       8
    ## 229      119       14       24    BNA  AUS      756      4       7
    ## 230       28       -1        1    AUS  HOU      148      4      11
    ## 231      105       11       17    PHX  AUS      872      5       9
    ## 232      133       39       40    AUS  PHX      872      5      16
    ## 233      123       54       50    ORD  AUS      978     15      31
    ## 234       67       -8        1    ELP  AUS      528      3       6
    ## 235       37       -1       -2    AUS  DAL      189      5      14
    ## 236      128       90      105    MDW  AUS      972      4      18
    ## 237      228       61       63    EWR  AUS     1504      6      34
    ## 238      236       65       24    JFK  AUS     1522      4      55
    ## 239       35       15       23    DFW  AUS      190      3      14
    ## 240       30      -12       -2    IAH  AUS      140      4      13
    ## 241      133      100      103    SLC  AUS     1085      6      21
    ## 242       96       41       49    DEN  AUS      775      5      12
    ## 243       27       15       22    HOU  AUS      148      4       7
    ## 244       35       14       12    DFW  AUS      190     10      17
    ## 245      163      156       87    CLE  AUS     1174      5     101
    ## 246      136      118      110    CVG  AUS      958      9      34
    ## 247      125       53       72    ORD  AUS      978      8      13
    ## 248       31       14       21    DFW  AUS      190      8       9
    ## 249       27       33       37    IAH  AUS      140      5      15
    ## 250       NA       NA       NA    AUS  ORD      978     NA      NA
    ## 251       NA       NA       NA    AUS  DAL      189     NA      NA
    ## 252       NA       NA       NA    AUS  DFW      190     NA      NA
    ## 253       NA       NA       NA    AUS  DFW      190     NA      NA
    ## 254       NA       NA       NA    DAL  AUS      189     NA      NA
    ## 255       NA       NA       NA    DFW  AUS      190     NA      NA
    ## 256       36        6       -1    AUS  IAH      140      8      18
    ## 257      103       20       -2    AUS  ATL      813     38      10
    ## 258       39       -5       -1    AUS  DFW      190      6      11
    ## 259       83       -6       -5    AUS  MEM      559      9      12
    ## 260      140        4        2    AUS  ORD      978      5      12
    ## 261       47       -6       -1    AUS  MAF      294      4       9
    ## 262      159       21       -3    AUS  CLE     1174     10      25
    ## 263      113        2       -5    AUS  DEN      775      5      24
    ## 264      136       28        0    AUS  CVG      958     25      14
    ## 265       32       49       39    DAL  AUS      189      5      28
    ## 266      177       -6       -1    AUS  EWR     1504      9      17
    ## 267       38       -5        1    AUS  DAL      189      2       9
    ## 268       33        3        2    AUS  HOU      148      4       9
    ## 269       28        3        0    HOU  AUS      148      4      16
    ## 270       71       -2        1    ELP  AUS      528      4       7
    ## 271      193      -17       -3    AUS  SJC     1476      7      11
    ## 272      163       22       -5    AUS  MSP     1042     11      20
    ## 273      150       10       -4    AUS  ORD      978      6      14
    ## 274      158       10       -3    LAX  AUS     1242      3      27
    ## 275       33       -4       -5    AUS  IAH      140      7      16
    ## 276       86      -25      -10    MCI  AUS      650      4      12
    ## 277       34       -5        0    DAL  AUS      189      3       8
    ## 278      127      -11        2    AUS  PHX      872      4      11
    ## 279       48       -7        0    LBB  AUS      341      4       6
    ## 280      176      -20       -4    AUS  JFK     1522      3      18
    ## 281      161      -16        1    AUS  ONT     1197      7      16
    ## 282       36      -10       -3    AUS  DFW      190      6      11
    ## 283      144       15        3    AUS  MDW      972      6      12
    ## 284       94        0        5    AUS  BNA      756      4      12
    ## 285       58       -8       -6    AUS  MSY      445      5      12
    ## 286      120      -11       -3    ATL  AUS      813      4      21
    ## 287      103       -1       -1    AUS  ATL      813     10      11
    ## 288      103      -14       -8    DEN  AUS      775      5      13
    ## 289       37       10       -4    AUS  IAH      140     17      19
    ## 290      116      -25       -7    AUS  TUS      797      5      12
    ## 291       29       -7       -6    IAH  AUS      140      4      18
    ## 292       78       -9        1    AUS  ELP      528      2      10
    ## 293       43       -9       -3    MAF  AUS      294      4       7
    ## 294      118       80       95    AUS  PHX      872      6      10
    ## 295       53       -6       -1    AUS  LBB      341      3       9
    ## 296       32       -6       -1    DAL  AUS      189      3      10
    ## 297       40        1        3    AUS  DFW      190      7      11
    ## 298       38       33       45    AUS  DAL      189      2       8
    ## 299      159       -3       -5    AUS  SNA     1209     19      14
    ## 300      225      -15        0    JFK  AUS     1522      2      28
    ## 301      150      -15       -4    AUS  SLC     1085     14      15
    ## 302      214        8       11    AUS  SFO     1504      7      14
    ## 303       35       -4       -3    DAL  AUS      189      8      11
    ## 304       34        0        3    DFW  AUS      190      6      17
    ## 305       37       -8        1    AUS  DAL      189      2       7
    ## 306       28       -1        1    HOU  AUS      148      4      11
    ## 307       34      -10       -3    AUS  IAH      140      4      15
    ## 308      126      -18        1    ORD  AUS      978      4      16
    ## 309       31       -4       -1    AUS  HOU      148      3       8
    ## 310       27       -2        2    IAH  AUS      140      5      19
    ## 311      117       13        3    AUS  DEN      775      7      28
    ## 312      102       -5        0    AUS  ATL      813      6      13
    ## 313      143       15       20    SAN  AUS     1164      4       8
    ## 314      130        0        0    ATL  AUS      813      5      24
    ## 315      115        8       21    BNA  AUS      756      3       9
    ## 316       72       -3       15    MSY  AUS      445      4       9
    ## 317       36        0        1    AUS  DFW      190     13      10
    ## 318      128        7       -1    AUS  PHX      872     22      12
    ## 319      132       45       57    MDW  AUS      972      3      18
    ## 320      163      -17       -5    AUS  LAX     1242      7      18
    ## 321       32        4       12    DAL  AUS      189      3       7
    ## 322      144       12        3    LAS  AUS     1090      3      22
    ## 323       38      -11       -6    AUS  DAL      189      3       9
    ## 324      145      -18       -5    AUS  LAS     1090     13       9
    ## 325       37       -8       -4    AUS  DFW      190      9      10
    ## 326      115       15       16    PHX  AUS      872      4      10
    ## 327      206        1       12    EWR  AUS     1504     12      36
    ## 328      182       -7       -2    SJC  AUS     1476      5       8
    ## 329       34       -9       -9    AUS  IAH      140      9      15
    ## 330      239       -9       16    BOS  AUS     1698      3      18
    ## 331      156      -24       -1    AUS  SAN     1164      2       9
    ## 332       40       -3       -5    AUS  DAL      189      4      13
    ## 333      163       22       20    CLE  AUS     1174      4      29
    ## 334       87       -2       10    MCI  AUS      650      5      11
    ## 335       93      -16       -9    AUS  ABQ      619      9      18
    ## 336      151       29       26    ONT  AUS     1197      7       7
    ## 337      202      -18        3    BWI  AUS     1342      4       8
    ## 338      167        0       -1    AUS  BWI     1342      5       9
    ## 339       88       -7        4    MEM  AUS      559      3      14
    ## 340       36       -3        3    DFW  AUS      190      6      12
    ## 341      142       62       25    CVG  AUS      958      7      58
    ## 342       36       -8       -3    AUS  DFW      190     10       9
    ## 343      180       46       61    IAD  AUS     1297      7      14
    ## 344      141       -9        5    TPA  AUS      928      3       7
    ## 345       34        2       -7    AUS  IAH      140     10      22
    ## 346      127      -15       -1    AUS  PHX      872      4      10
    ## 347      146       26       -5    AUS  ORD      978      9      26
    ## 348       29       -4        0    HOU  AUS      148      3       9
    ## 349       26        0       -1    IAH  AUS      140      5      27
    ## 350      125        5        2    ATL  AUS      813      7      26
    ## 351      157        3        5    LAX  AUS     1242      4       7
    ## 352       98       -3       -6    AUS  MCI      650      5      11
    ## 353      125        6        1    AUS  CVG      958      5      14
    ## 354      114       -3        0    PHX  AUS      872      4      21
    ## 355       37       36       36    DAL  AUS      189      4       9
    ## 356      105       15        0    AUS  ATL      813     18      20
    ## 357       37       -4        4    AUS  DFW      190     10      10
    ## 358       93        1       -8    ABQ  AUS      619      8      12
    ## 359       27       10       -3    IAH  AUS      140      4      39
    ## 360       38       15       18    DFW  AUS      190      3      16
    ## 361       36        7       13    AUS  DAL      189      2      11
    ## 362       38       55       55    DAL  AUS      189      5       7
    ## 363       29       -1        1    AUS  HOU      148      3      11
    ## 364      118       -4       -6    AUS  DEN      775      7      11
    ## 365      166      -17        0    AUS  LAX     1242      8       9
    ## 366      112       11       16    PHX  AUS      872      4      14
    ## 367       36       -9       -4    DFW  AUS      190      5      14
    ## 368       99        6        0    AUS  MCI      650      8       9
    ## 369       36       -2        0    DAL  AUS      189      3       9
    ## 370      144       22       -3    AUS  ORD      978     26      10
    ## 371      193        9        1    SFO  AUS     1504      4      16
    ## 372       69       17       23    ELP  AUS      528      4       6
    ## 373      147        9       24    AUS  LAS     1090      8      10
    ## 374       96       57       56    AUS  BNA      756      6       9
    ## 375      165      -29       -8    AUS  LAX     1242      8      11
    ## 376      180      -32       -8    AUS  JFK     1522      4      14
    ## 377      200       73       20    AUS  EWR     1504      7      76
    ## 378       80       -7        1    AUS  MEM      559      4      12
    ## 379       37       43       43    AUS  DAL      189      4      14
    ## 380      191       19        0    SJC  AUS     1476      6      22
    ## 381       38       13       12    AUS  DAL      189      3      10
    ## 382       98        2        1    AUS  ATL      813     15      13
    ## 383      212       96       73    AUS  JFK     1522     12      17
    ## 384      149        1       18    JAX  AUS      954      5       9
    ## 385      164       38       39    AUS  IAD     1297      9      13
    ## 386       36       -4       -1    DFW  AUS      190      3      18
    ## 387       76      -14       -5    AUS  ELP      528      6       9
    ## 388      133        2       19    AUS  RDU     1162      4      11
    ## 389       36       12       17    AUS  DFW      190      8      11
    ## 390       30        4       10    AUS  IAH      140      8      13
    ## 391       47        0        1    AUS  HRL      273      4       8
    ## 392       29      -10       -1    AUS  IAH      140      5      14
    ## 393      150      -17       -3    LAX  AUS     1242      4      12
    ## 394      156        0        9    MCO  AUS      993      4      11
    ## 395      204      -13       -5    AUS  BOS     1698      4      13
    ## 396      111      -17       -3    PHX  AUS      872      3      14
    ## 397      164      109       86    AUS  CLE     1174     11      13
    ## 398      123        5       20    ATL  AUS      813      4      16
    ## 399      124       22       50    ORD  AUS      978      3      10
    ## 400       35       52       37    DAL  AUS      189      9      26
    ## 401       39        3       -1    AUS  DFW      190     17       8
    ## 402      114       -6       11    AUS  MCO      993      6       8
    ## 403      216      -25       -4    JFK  AUS     1522      3      14
    ## 404       36       16       15    DAL  AUS      189      4      11
    ## 405       27        0       -3    IAH  AUS      140      7      22
    ## 406       84       -4        9    MEM  AUS      559      3      15
    ## 407      142       72       65    LAS  AUS     1090      4      21
    ## 408      141       13        4    SLC  AUS     1085      5      26
    ## 409      103       -3        3    DEN  AUS      775      4       7
    ## 410       28       15       21    HOU  AUS      148      5       6
    ## 411      120       32       40    ORD  AUS      978      2      35
    ## 412       90      -19       -5    MCI  AUS      650      5       6
    ## 413      124       -4        1    ATL  AUS      813      6      17
    ## 414       36        8       11    AUS  DAL      189      3       8
    ## 415       98      -26       -3    STL  AUS      722      3      11
    ## 416       36       16       22    DFW  AUS      190      3      15
    ## 417       30        5       13    DAL  AUS      189      5       7
    ## 418       47       -1        1    HRL  AUS      273      5       6
    ## 419       39       -2        3    AUS  DFW      190      6      10
    ## 420      126       12       28    ORD  AUS      978      3      20
    ## 421       36        1        4    DAL  AUS      189      6      10
    ## 422       63       12        5    AUS  MSY      445      5      16
    ## 423      163       22       22    AUS  BWI     1342      5      12
    ## 424      101       44       47    DEN  AUS      775      3      18
    ## 425      221        6       24    EWR  AUS     1504      4      16
    ## 426       51      -17       -5    OKC  AUS      358      3      11
    ## 427      191        4       31    BWI  AUS     1342      4       8
    ## 428       34       19       14    AUS  HOU      148      3      18
    ## 429       41       62       49    AUS  DAL      189      6      21
    ## 430       38        2        7    AUS  DAL      189      3       9
    ## 431      117       35       22    AUS  DEN      775     21      10
    ## 432      108       42       67    BNA  AUS      756      3       9
    ## 433       54       52       59    AUS  OKC      358      3      11
    ## 434       29       19       23    IAH  AUS      140      5      15
    ## 435       61       20       25    AUS  TUL      426      5      11
    ## 436      196       -4        8    AUS  SJC     1476      3      14
    ## 437      100       -5        4    AUS  ATL      813     13      16
    ## 438       37       -9       -6    DFW  AUS      190      3      17
    ## 439       33       -9       -3    AUS  IAH      140      7      19
    ## 440      126        0        5    AUS  PHX      872     12      11
    ## 441      146      122      135    CVG  AUS      958      5      14
    ## 442      133        3       13    AUS  PHX      872      3       9
    ## 443       36       12       17    DAL  AUS      189      4       5
    ## 444       39       13       14    AUS  DFW      190     10      10
    ## 445       37       -6        0    AUS  DAL      189      3       9
    ## 446      112        4       11    AUS  TPA      928      4      12
    ## 447       40       -8       -3    AUS  DAL      189      2       8
    ## 448       26        0        2    IAH  AUS      140      4      23
    ## 449      136       19       33    SAN  AUS     1164      4       6
    ## 450       81      -11       -5    AUS  MEM      559      6      17
    ## 451       39       -6       -5    DAL  AUS      189      3      12
    ## 452       61       -1       15    TUL  AUS      426      3       8
    ## 453      107        2       -2    AUS  ATL      813     14      14
    ## 454       34       16        5    AUS  IAH      140     11      20
    ## 455      112      -18        0    ATL  AUS      813      4      25
    ## 456       99       -3      -10    AUS  MCI      650      6      12
    ## 457       28       28       32    HOU  AUS      148      4       9
    ## 458      107       -3        0    PHX  AUS      872      7      19
    ## 459      108       20       28    PHX  AUS      872      3      11
    ## 460       45       -7        1    AUS  MAF      294      3       9
    ## 461       69       -1        6    ELP  AUS      528      4       5
    ## 462      138       67       43    AUS  ORD      978     31      15
    ## 463       37       10       18    DFW  AUS      190      3      12
    ## 464      160        3       -1    AUS  IAD     1297      9      13
    ## 465      167      -11       -1    AUS  ONT     1197      4      20
    ## 466       36      -10       -3    AUS  DFW      190     11      11
    ## 467      103        7       -3    AUS  STL      722     16      11
    ## 468       72        8       18    MSY  AUS      445      5      16
    ## 469      103       30       34    DEN  AUS      775      4      11
    ## 470       34       17       11    AUS  HOU      148      3      19
    ## 471       38      -13       -9    AUS  DAL      189      3      10
    ## 472      143      130      122    AUS  CVG      958      2      15
    ## 473      134        4        4    AUS  PHX      872      7      13
    ## 474      139      -20      -10    ONT  AUS     1197      6       7
    ## 475       38       53       56    AUS  DAL      189      3      11
    ## 476      172      -13        3    SJC  AUS     1476      4       8
    ## 477       77       24       34    AUS  ELP      528      3      10
    ## 478       34       74       81    DAL  AUS      189      3       6
    ## 479      200       17       60    JFK  AUS     1522      6      64
    ## 480       38       13        0    DAL  AUS      189      9      21
    ## 481       35        6       10    DFW  AUS      190      4      17
    ## 482      139       52       11    AUS  ORD      978     50      12
    ## 483      104        0       -1    AUS  DEN      775     12      17
    ## 484       27        1        4    IAH  AUS      140      8      17
    ## 485      204       18       21    AUS  JFK     1522      5      11
    ## 486       93       -6       -3    AUS  ABQ      619     18      13
    ## 487      163      131      145    AUS  SAN     1164      2      11
    ## 488       37       -6        1    DFW  AUS      190      7       9
    ## 489      140       42       38    AUS  ORD      978      9      11
    ## 490      123        8       31    ORD  AUS      978      4      20
    ## 491      150       -2       15    AUS  SLC     1085      8      15
    ## 492       49       24       30    LBB  AUS      341      4       6
    ## 493       35        9       12    AUS  DFW      190     13       9
    ## 494      101      -12        0    AUS  ATL      813      7       9
    ## 495       34        6        0    AUS  IAH      140     12      19
    ## 496       35       13       16    DAL  AUS      189      3       9
    ## 497      208       88       70    AUS  EWR     1504      8      27
    ## 498      125      -14        0    ATL  AUS      813      5       7
    ## 499       36       -3       -4    DFW  AUS      190      5      20
    ## 500      167       -8        3    AUS  LAX     1242      6      11
    ## 501       35       60       69    AUS  DAL      189      2       9
    ## 502       82      -10       -3    ABQ  AUS      619      5      10
    ## 503      201       34       33    AUS  SJC     1476      5      20
    ## 504       41       30       30    MAF  AUS      294      4      10
    ## 505       53       81       86    AUS  LBB      341      2      10
    ## 506      168        4       15    RDU  AUS     1162      6      20
    ## 507       40       20        6    AUS  DAL      189      8      21
    ## 508      120       26       17    AUS  JAX      954      5      13
    ## 509       34       18        2    AUS  DFW      190     26      16
    ## 510      109       11        1    DEN  AUS      775      5      16
    ## 511      142        1       14    LAX  AUS     1242      4      15
    ## 512       26        7       11    IAH  AUS      140      4      23
    ## 513       95       10       15    AUS  BNA      756      6       9
    ## 514       37       -5        0    DFW  AUS      190      5      13
    ## 515      130      -15       -4    MSP  AUS     1042      8      19
    ## 516      100       14       17    TUS  AUS      797      6       8
    ## 517       29       22       28    AUS  HOU      148      3       7
    ## 518      139       27        0    SLC  AUS     1085     10      41
    ## 519       34        7        9    DAL  AUS      189      3      11
    ## 520       36      -15       -9    AUS  DFW      190     11       7
    ## 521      153        8       22    AUS  LAS     1090      7      11
    ## 522      105      -14       -3    PHX  AUS      872      4      24
    ## 523       35       18       23    AUS  DAL      189      7       8
    ## 524       29       64       68    HOU  AUS      148      3       9
    ## 525      112        6       19    BNA  AUS      756      5      10
    ## 526      124       47       76    MDW  AUS      972      5       7
    ## 527      102        5       16    PHX  AUS      872      4       8
    ## 528      136      176      172    AUS  MDW      972      8      10
    ## 529       79       57       62    MEM  AUS      559     15      16
    ## 530      148      184      180    SNA  AUS     1209      9       7
    ## 531       36      -10       -3    DFW  AUS      190      4      13
    ## 532      207       32        4    JFK  AUS     1522      4      71
    ## 533       33        7       11    AUS  DAL      189      5       8
    ## 534       78       65       71    AUS  ELP      528      2       9
    ## 535      134       59       69    AUS  PHX      872      3       8
    ## 536       65       32       38    ELP  AUS      528      6       8
    ## 537      157       43       52    CLE  AUS     1174      4      30
    ## 538      103       50       54    DEN  AUS      775      5       9
    ## 539       25       18       26    HOU  AUS      148      4       8
    ## 540      122      105      116    ORD  AUS      978      4      28
    ## 541       28       28       26    IAH  AUS      140      6      25
    ## 542      203       89      116    EWR  AUS     1504      5      35
    ## 543      131       77       60    CVG  AUS      958     16      46
    ## 544      113       28       36    ATL  AUS      813      3      32
    ## 545       32      110      116    DAL  AUS      189      3       9
    ## 546      126      112      125    LAS  AUS     1090      6      10
    ## 547       28      -17       -1    DFW  AUS      190      4       7
    ## 548       26      142      151    AUS  HOU      148      3       7
    ## 549       25       17       12    IAH  AUS      140     15      16
    ## 550       30       77       85    DFW  AUS      190      7      15
    ## 551      123       60       88    ORD  AUS      978      4      10
    ## 552       NA       NA       NA    AUS  DAL      189     NA      NA
    ## 553       NA       NA       NA    AUS  DAL      189     NA      NA
    ## 554       NA       NA       NA    DAL  AUS      189     NA      NA
    ## 555       NA       NA       NA    DAL  AUS      189     NA      NA
    ## 556       36        9       -1    AUS  IAH      140     10      19
    ## 557       33        4       -1    DAL  AUS      189     16      11
    ## 558      134        0       -5    AUS  PHX      872      4      16
    ## 559       81      -16       -8    AUS  MEM      559      7       9
    ## 560       34      -14       -3    AUS  DFW      190      4      11
    ## 561      134        3       -3    AUS  ORD      978      8      19
    ## 562      101       46        2    AUS  ATL      813     60      12
    ## 563       48      -10       -3    AUS  MAF      294      3       7
    ## 564      156        8        0    AUS  CLE     1174      8      14
    ## 565      143       10       -4    AUS  CVG      958     10      13
    ## 566      111        1        4    AUS  DEN      775     10      11
    ## 567      209       20       -2    AUS  EWR     1504      8      13
    ## 568       40       -5        0    AUS  DAL      189      3       7
    ## 569       30        1        0    AUS  HOU      148      7       9
    ## 570       28       -5        0    HOU  AUS      148      5       7
    ## 571      218        8       -4    AUS  SJC     1476      6      13
    ## 572       67       -6        1    ELP  AUS      528      4       7
    ## 573      139        0       -5    AUS  ORD      978      9      13
    ## 574       32       -6        0    DAL  AUS      189      3       9
    ## 575      145       -9        1    LAX  AUS     1242      4      16
    ## 576      143       14        7    AUS  MSP     1042     18      13
    ## 577       47       -8       -3    LBB  AUS      341      3      10
    ## 578       92      -17       -8    MCI  AUS      650      5      11
    ## 579       32        7       -2    AUS  IAH      140      9      23
    ## 580      135       -2        4    AUS  PHX      872      4      10
    ## 581      208        8       -4    AUS  JFK     1522      5      12
    ## 582       99        1        2    AUS  BNA      756      5      10
    ## 583       35       -1       -1    AUS  DFW      190     11      14
    ## 584       39       -9        0    AUS  DAL      189      3       9
    ## 585      168       -7        6    AUS  ONT     1197      5      15
    ## 586      137       11        7    AUS  MDW      972      5      12
    ## 587      107       -3       -3    AUS  ATL      813      7      10
    ## 588       32        6       -5    AUS  IAH      140     21      17
    ## 589       79       -9        1    AUS  ELP      528      3       8
    ## 590       59        9       12    AUS  MSY      445      3      12
    ## 591       29       -3       -2    IAH  AUS      140      8      14
    ## 592       42      -13       -5    MAF  AUS      294      3       7
    ## 593      104       -2        8    DEN  AUS      775      4       9
    ## 594       56       -4        0    AUS  LBB      341      3       7
    ## 595       33       -7        0    DAL  AUS      189      4       6
    ## 596       35       -1        1    AUS  DFW      190     11      12
    ## 597      121        1       13    AUS  TUS      797      6      12
    ## 598      238       45        2    AUS  SFO     1504      6      37
    ## 599       32      -19      -13    DAL  AUS      189      6      11
    ## 600      176       -1       -3    AUS  SNA     1209      6      10
    ## 601       35      -14       -7    DFW  AUS      190      7      11
    ## 602      208      -39       -1    JFK  AUS     1522      3      21
    ## 603      128       -6       14    MDW  AUS      972      5      12
    ## 604      156      -11        0    AUS  SLC     1085      8      15
    ## 605       30        0        2    HOU  AUS      148      4       9
    ## 606       33      -15       -6    AUS  IAH      140      6      12
    ## 607      133      -11        1    SAN  AUS     1164      4      11
    ## 608       26      -14       -5    IAH  AUS      140      4      16
    ## 609       30       -8       -2    AUS  HOU      148      3       6
    ## 610      116      -10       -1    AUS  DEN      775      7      10
    ## 611      132       -7        9    ORD  AUS      978      3      14
    ## 612      101        2       -3    AUS  ATL      813     18      12
    ## 613       40        1       -6    AUS  DFW      190     15      12
    ## 614      136       -3       -4    AUS  PHX      872      7      12
    ## 615      173       -9       -3    IAD  AUS     1297      4      33
    ## 616      117       -7       10    ATL  AUS      813      6      19
    ## 617       39       30       37    AUS  DAL      189      3       6
    ## 618      113       24       36    BNA  AUS      756      5      10
    ## 619      173      -13        1    AUS  LAX     1242      4       9
    ## 620      103       11       18    PHX  AUS      872      3      17
    ## 621       38       -8       -1    AUS  DAL      189      4       6
    ## 622      163       -6       -1    AUS  LAS     1090      5       7
    ## 623      141        1        9    ONT  AUS     1197      5       8
    ## 624      224      -23       12    BOS  AUS     1698      4      22
    ## 625      135        4       15    LAS  AUS     1090      4      10
    ## 626      133       45        0    CVG  AUS      958     11      71
    ## 627       38       25        6    AUS  DFW      190     31      10
    ## 628       39       -3       -7    AUS  IAH      140     11      12
    ## 629       39      -13      -10    AUS  DAL      189      2      11
    ## 630      155       17       15    CLE  AUS     1174      6      35
    ## 631       71       42       51    MSY  AUS      445      5      18
    ## 632      178        1        6    SJC  AUS     1476      6      11
    ## 633      174       -8       -3    AUS  SAN     1164      2       9
    ## 634       33       24       32    DAL  AUS      189      3       6
    ## 635       95      -23       -7    AUS  ABQ      619      5      11
    ## 636       83       -5       -2    MEM  AUS      559      7      23
    ## 637       32      -14       -2    DFW  AUS      190      2      14
    ## 638      165       -4       -1    AUS  BWI     1342      6       6
    ## 639       39       13       -2    AUS  DFW      190     25      11
    ## 640      138       -8        5    TPA  AUS      928      5       9
    ## 641       35      -15       -9    AUS  IAH      140      7       9
    ## 642      204       42       61    EWR  AUS     1504      3      39
    ## 643       32       -9       -1    DAL  AUS      189      4       6
    ## 644       28       -8        0    HOU  AUS      148      3       6
    ## 645       34      -10      -10    DAL  AUS      189      5      11
    ## 646      131       -8       -4    AUS  ORD      978      5      10
    ## 647      185       14       48    BWI  AUS     1342      3      13
    ## 648       89       52       63    MCI  AUS      650      4      11
    ## 649      135       18       25    AUS  PHX      872      7       6
    ## 650      148       -1        9    LAX  AUS     1242      5       7
    ## 651      105      -15       -4    PHX  AUS      872      3      23
    ## 652      103        6       -5    AUS  ATL      813     18      18
    ## 653       28       22       28    IAH  AUS      140      7      16
    ## 654       32      -11        1    DFW  AUS      190      5      11
    ## 655      112       20       35    ATL  AUS      813      6      28
    ## 656       37        3        1    AUS  DFW      190     22       8
    ## 657       96        3        7    AUS  BNA      756      4       6
    ## 658       29       -7       -2    IAH  AUS      140      6      17
    ## 659       86       -2       -4    ABQ  AUS      619      7      13
    ## 660       30       -4        3    AUS  HOU      148      2       6
    ## 661      173       -6       -1    AUS  LAX     1242     13       9
    ## 662       95       45       41    AUS  MCI      650      4      16
    ## 663      104       -4        8    PHX  AUS      872      6      13
    ## 664      120        4        0    AUS  DEN      775      7      11
    ## 665      162        1       -4    AUS  LAS     1090      9      14
    ## 666       40       32       28    AUS  DAL      189      4      15
    ## 667       38       -9       -6    AUS  DAL      189      2      12
    ## 668       68       -5        2    ELP  AUS      528      3       7
    ## 669       33      -14       -3    DFW  AUS      190      3      13
    ## 670       35       -6       -1    DAL  AUS      189      3       7
    ## 671      137        1        3    AUS  ORD      978      7       9
    ## 672      161      -14       -3    AUS  IAD     1297      5      10
    ## 673       83       -6       -8    AUS  MEM      559      7      16
    ## 674      209       -4       -7    AUS  JFK     1522      3      13
    ## 675      219       97       45    AUS  JFK     1522     30      21
    ## 676      165       35       17    AUS  CLE     1174      8      10
    ## 677       88       36       43    AUS  MCI      650      5      10
    ## 678      217       44       34    AUS  EWR     1504      9      14
    ## 679      142       -8        0    AUS  RDU     1162      4      11
    ## 680       39        6       -2    AUS  DFW      190     19      10
    ## 681      176       -3        8    SJC  AUS     1476      4       9
    ## 682       41       17       15    AUS  DAL      189      3       8
    ## 683       33        3       -6    AUS  IAH      140     14      19
    ## 684      178       41       37    AUS  LAX     1242     20      11
    ## 685      142        4       30    JAX  AUS      954      5       7
    ## 686       35      -10       -5    DAL  AUS      189      5      10
    ## 687      100       18       23    AUS  ATL      813     11      10
    ## 688       35       13        8    DFW  AUS      190      4      26
    ## 689       78        0        6    AUS  ELP      528      5      11
    ## 690       47       -2        0    AUS  HRL      273      2       9
    ## 691      131        4       16    LAS  AUS     1090      3      14
    ## 692      216        2       -7    AUS  BOS     1698      9      13
    ## 693      148        4        6    LAX  AUS     1242      6      24
    ## 694      109      -14       -2    PHX  AUS      872      4      17
    ## 695      149        0       15    MCO  AUS      993      5      11
    ## 696      123        0       -2    AUS  MCO      993     18       6
    ## 697       37       -8       -4    AUS  DFW      190      7      12
    ## 698      136      -15       15    CVG  AUS      958      3       9
    ## 699       35       30       26    AUS  IAH      140     10      16
    ## 700      118       -2       18    ATL  AUS      813      5       9
    ## 701       26       -5        4    HOU  AUS      148      3       7
    ## 702       85       -5        0    MEM  AUS      559      6      19
    ## 703      205       -8        7    JFK  AUS     1522      5      29
    ## 704       28       -4        4    IAH  AUS      140      4      13
    ## 705       95       31       -1    DEN  AUS      775      5      57
    ## 706       93        1       13    DEN  AUS      775      4      11
    ## 707       56       -4       -1    AUS  OKC      358      6      10
    ## 708       42       -4       -6    AUS  DAL      189      3      12
    ## 709      128       74       90    ORD  AUS      978      4      17
    ## 710       39        8        7    AUS  DAL      189      5       7
    ## 711      132       -5        0    ORD  AUS      978      5      23
    ## 712      100      -22       -3    STL  AUS      722      5      11
    ## 713      164       -4       -1    AUS  BWI     1342      7       6
    ## 714      132       46       59    ORD  AUS      978      2      18
    ## 715       45       -5       -1    HRL  AUS      273      5       6
    ## 716       33       21       29    DFW  AUS      190      4      15
    ## 717       32        9       15    DAL  AUS      189      3       9
    ## 718      131       27       34    SLC  AUS     1085      6      19
    ## 719       33      -18       -9    DAL  AUS      189      3      10
    ## 720       59      -11       -4    AUS  MSY      445      4       7
    ## 721       45       26       15    AUS  DFW      190     16      10
    ## 722      109       20       40    BNA  AUS      756      2      14
    ## 723       28       -9        0    IAH  AUS      140      4      13
    ## 724      186      -20       12    BWI  AUS     1342      5       7
    ## 725       88       24       36    MCI  AUS      650      4      11
    ## 726      123        8        2    AUS  DEN      775     10       8
    ## 727       64       -6       -6    AUS  TUL      426      7      11
    ## 728      218        6       18    EWR  AUS     1504      5      24
    ## 729       41        0        1    AUS  DAL      189      5       8
    ## 730      133       -8       -6    AUS  PHX      872      9      10
    ## 731       38       -4       -2    AUS  IAH      140      5      20
    ## 732      105        2        0    AUS  ATL      813     16      10
    ## 733      112        2       27    ATL  AUS      813      4      15
    ## 734      140       -4       -3    AUS  CVG      958      1      10
    ## 735      220       32       22    AUS  SJC     1476      6       9
    ## 736      131       17       13    AUS  PHX      872     21       7
    ## 737      170       -4        4    AUS  SAN     1164      2      10
    ## 738       52       28       43    OKC  AUS      358      3       7
    ## 739      111       -3        6    AUS  TPA      928      4      11
    ## 740       40       -7       -7    AUS  DAL      189      4      11
    ## 741       41       18       18    AUS  DFW      190      9      10
    ## 742       33       20       24    DFW  AUS      190      5      18
    ## 743       40        1        1    AUS  DAL      189      4      11
    ## 744       60      -10       -2    TUL  AUS      426      9      11
    ## 745       35       12       10    IAH  AUS      140      4      18
    ## 746      133       17       32    SAN  AUS     1164      5       7
    ## 747       27        8       10    HOU  AUS      148      4      12
    ## 748       82      -17       -5    AUS  MEM      559      7       9
    ## 749       33       -4        0    AUS  IAH      140     10      13
    ## 750       33       -2       -4    DAL  AUS      189     16       8
    ## 751       31       46       53    DAL  AUS      189      5       7
    ## 752      105       14       21    PHX  AUS      872      5      13
    ## 753       31       -8        2    DAL  AUS      189      4       5
    ## 754       32      -14       -3    DFW  AUS      190      4      13
    ## 755      114       -8       14    ATL  AUS      813      5      18
    ## 756       96      -11        0    DEN  AUS      775      3      12
    ## 757       66       -3        1    ELP  AUS      528      5      10
    ## 758       95       10       11    AUS  MCI      650      5       9
    ## 759       93       25       41    DEN  AUS      775      5      10
    ## 760      107       18       23    PHX  AUS      872      6      18
    ## 761       71      -12        8    MSY  AUS      445      5       7
    ## 762      109       -1       -4    AUS  STL      722      5       9
    ## 763      107       -4        4    AUS  ATL      813      7       9
    ## 764      176        6       11    AUS  ONT     1197      9      11
    ## 765       41       24       27    AUS  DAL      189      3       8
    ## 766      138       64       67    AUS  ORD      978      7      12
    ## 767       77       -9        5    AUS  ELP      528      3       6
    ## 768       29       -6        5    AUS  HOU      148      3       7
    ## 769      167       30       21    AUS  IAD     1297      8      12
    ## 770       46       35       42    AUS  MAF      294      3       9
    ## 771      208        6        1    AUS  EWR     1504      8      14
    ## 772       37       21       24    AUS  DFW      190     19       6
    ## 773       42        3       -5    AUS  DAL      189      4      17
    ## 774      200       -1       -4    AUS  JFK     1522     10      16
    ## 775      139       -1       -3    AUS  PHX      872      7      10
    ## 776      141       -1       -2    AUS  ORD      978     12       8
    ## 777       34      -15       -5    DAL  AUS      189      3       8
    ## 778       55       -2        1    AUS  LBB      341      3       9
    ## 779       42        1        2    AUS  DAL      189      5       7
    ## 780      127      -15        3    ORD  AUS      978      7      18
    ## 781       28        2       -1    IAH  AUS      140      4      26
    ## 782      138       -8        0    ONT  AUS     1197      7       9
    ## 783      135       42        8    AUS  MDW      972     42       7
    ## 784      144       31       21    AUS  ORD      978      9      13
    ## 785       30        9       19    DFW  AUS      190      4      16
    ## 786       98       -5        0    AUS  ABQ      619     15       9
    ## 787       36        5        0    DFW  AUS      190      8      21
    ## 788       41        6       -2    AUS  DFW      190     17      10
    ## 789      171       20       35    SJC  AUS     1476      4      10
    ## 790       33        9       10    DAL  AUS      189      5      11
    ## 791       33        5        2    AUS  IAH      140     13      16
    ## 792      223       27        4    AUS  SJC     1476     13      12
    ## 793      155       23       30    AUS  SLC     1085     14      14
    ## 794       47       31       40    LBB  AUS      341      4       5
    ## 795      202      -19       61    JFK  AUS     1522      6      32
    ## 796      113      -17       -4    ATL  AUS      813      8      17
    ## 797      114       -7       -8    AUS  JAX      954      6      10
    ## 798      138       58       62    SNA  AUS     1209      7      11
    ## 799       40       17       22    MAF  AUS      294      3       7
    ## 800       38      -10       -7    AUS  DAL      189      4      10
    ## 801       79       -7        4    ABQ  AUS      619      5       9
    ## 802      177       18       15    AUS  LAX     1242     10      11
    ## 803       32       10       19    DFW  AUS      190      6      13
    ## 804       38       26       17    HOU  AUS      148      4      12
    ## 805      144       -3        3    LAX  AUS     1242      7      17
    ## 806       91      -16       -3    DEN  AUS      775      5      11
    ## 807       38      -13       -1    AUS  DFW      190      3       7
    ## 808       26        9        4    IAH  AUS      140      8      28
    ## 809       33      -15       -9    DAL  AUS      189      4       7
    ## 810      100        1        4    AUS  BNA      756      6       6
    ## 811       97       13       16    TUS  AUS      797      9       8
    ## 812      136        7       -4    MSP  AUS     1042     14      29
    ## 813      133       -7       -3    SLC  AUS     1085      7      19
    ## 814      159        0       13    AUS  LAS     1090      4       9
    ## 815      160       20       45    RDU  AUS     1162      8      12
    ## 816       33       29       32    AUS  HOU      148      3       6
    ## 817       40        9       10    AUS  DAL      189      7       7
    ## 818       32        7       14    DFW  AUS      190      5      16
    ## 819       45       10       -4    AUS  DFW      190     14      15
    ## 820       85       11       17    MEM  AUS      559      6      18
    ## 821      110      -18       -2    BNA  AUS      756      5       9
    ## 822       34       17       20    DAL  AUS      189      3      10
    ## 823      124        3       11    ORD  AUS      978      4      29
    ## 824       79       12       13    AUS  ELP      528      3      12
    ## 825      112       33       18    AUS  DEN      775     23      13
    ## 826      103        4        7    PHX  AUS      872      5      14
    ## 827      127       15       28    AUS  PHX      872      7       8
    ## 828      125       59       88    MDW  AUS      972      4       7
    ## 829      156        0       -2    CLE  AUS     1174     23      23
    ## 830       31       22       28    DAL  AUS      189      4       9
    ## 831      104       32       41    PHX  AUS      872      4      27
    ## 832       28        4       14    AUS  HOU      148      2       5
    ## 833      190       18       44    EWR  AUS     1504      6      48
    ## 834       41      -12       -8    AUS  DAL      189      2       8
    ## 835      198      -12       -1    JFK  AUS     1522      6      39
    ## 836       32      -13       -3    DFW  AUS      190      5      13
    ## 837       37        6        9    AUS  DAL      189      4       6
    ## 838      128      -23        0    CVG  AUS      958     11      14
    ## 839      127       54       63    LAS  AUS     1090      5      14
    ## 840      112      -13        0    ATL  AUS      813      6      25
    ## 841       30       20       10    IAH  AUS      140      8      29
    ## 842       33      -13       -3    DFW  AUS      190      4      13
    ## 843       28       24       28    HOU  AUS      148      4       9
    ## 844      124      -20        5    ORD  AUS      978      6      10
    ## 845       94       56       68    DEN  AUS      775      5      10
    ## 846       65       86       96    ELP  AUS      528      4       6
    ## 847       27       -6       -6    IAH  AUS      140      8      16
    ## 848       31       -7        2    DFW  AUS      190      6       9
    ## 849       NA       NA       NA    AUS  DEN      775     NA      NA
    ## 850       NA       NA       NA    AUS  DAL      189     NA      NA
    ## 851       NA       NA       NA    AUS  HOU      148     NA      NA
    ## 852       NA       NA       NA    SFO  AUS     1504     NA      NA
    ## 853       NA       NA       NA    DAL  AUS      189     NA      NA
    ## 854       NA       NA       NA    DAL  AUS      189     NA      NA
    ## 855       36       -6       -2    AUS  IAH      140      5      10
    ## 856       34        5       -2    DAL  AUS      189     17      11
    ## 857      128       31       -6    AUS  ORD      978     46      18
    ## 858      105       27       -2    AUS  ATL      813     40      13
    ## 859      112        0        0    AUS  PHX      872      7      30
    ## 860       35       10        0    AUS  DFW      190     13      22
    ## 861       48       -5       -4    AUS  MAF      294      4      12
    ## 862      146        3       -5    AUS  CVG      958      4      10
    ## 863      117       14       -1    AUS  DEN      775     11      22
    ## 864       77       31       19    AUS  MEM      559      5      35
    ## 865      200       11       -5    AUS  EWR     1504      6      18
    ## 866       37        2       -4    AUS  HOU      148      3      11
    ## 867       37       -5        1    AUS  DAL      189      3       9
    ## 868       67      -10       -3    ELP  AUS      528      4       7
    ## 869      227       16       -5    AUS  SJC     1476      7      12
    ## 870       28       -4        0    HOU  AUS      148      5       8
    ## 871      140        4       -4    AUS  MSP     1042     14      21
    ## 872      133       11       -4    AUS  ORD      978      8      30
    ## 873      160       43       30    AUS  CLE     1174      4      19
    ## 874       32       -9       -2    DAL  AUS      189      3       8
    ## 875      139        2        1    AUS  PHX      872      4      13
    ## 876      210        4       -9    AUS  JFK     1522      2      14
    ## 877       48      -11       -4    LBB  AUS      341      4       6
    ## 878       95        4       -7    MCI  AUS      650      8      25
    ## 879       42        9      -11    AUS  DFW      190     14      24
    ## 880       41       18        1    AUS  IAH      140     11      20
    ## 881      137        8        0    AUS  MDW      972      7      14
    ## 882      168       -4        1    AUS  ONT     1197      7      21
    ## 883       39      -14       -4    AUS  DAL      189      2       9
    ## 884      142       11       18    LAX  AUS     1242      5      21
    ## 885      103       18       13    AUS  BNA      756      3      14
    ## 886      105        3       -6    AUS  ATL      813      6      22
    ## 887       60        6        0    AUS  MSY      445      6      17
    ## 888       81        3        1    AUS  ELP      528      4      17
    ## 889       28        0       -4    IAH  AUS      140      5      23
    ## 890       34       -7        1    AUS  IAH      140      5      12
    ## 891      127       -1       -2    AUS  TUS      797      5      20
    ## 892      103       -6        0    DEN  AUS      775      6      12
    ## 893       42      -10       -4    MAF  AUS      294      4       8
    ## 894       34       -9       -3    DAL  AUS      189      4       6
    ## 895       46       11       -2    AUS  DFW      190     11      16
    ## 896       55       -2       -1    AUS  LBB      341      3      11
    ## 897      276      191        2    AUS  SFO     1504    123      28
    ## 898      133      -15        3    MDW  AUS      972      5       9
    ## 899      182       23       -3    AUS  SNA     1209      7      27
    ## 900      207      -29       -1    JFK  AUS     1522      3      32
    ## 901      158      -13       -3    AUS  SLC     1085     11      11
    ## 902       33      -16       -3    DFW  AUS      190      5       9
    ## 903       40       -7       -2    AUS  DAL      189      3       7
    ## 904      112      -22       -5    BNA  AUS      756      5       6
    ## 905       33       22       -7    AUS  IAH      140     13      40
    ## 906      131      -10        3    SAN  AUS     1164      4      12
    ## 907      115       -6       -3    AUS  DEN      775      5      19
    ## 908       30       -5       -2    AUS  HOU      148      3       9
    ## 909       28       16       18    HOU  AUS      148      6       9
    ## 910       66      -11        5    MSY  AUS      445      6      15
    ## 911      109      -37       -2    ATL  AUS      813      5      10
    ## 912      105       15        0    AUS  ATL      813      8      28
    ## 913       45        7       -3    AUS  DFW      190      9      16
    ## 914       29        7       11    IAH  AUS      140      5      17
    ## 915      139       25       -2    AUS  PHX      872     14      28
    ## 916       33       -6        1    DAL  AUS      189      4       6
    ## 917      109       -1        5    PHX  AUS      872      4      11
    ## 918      132      -16       -1    LAS  AUS     1090      6       7
    ## 919      239       -5       -1    BOS  AUS     1698      5      37
    ## 920      214       -8       -1    EWR  AUS     1504      5      39
    ## 921       44       -3       -3    AUS  DAL      189      4       7
    ## 922      193       28        7    AUS  LAX     1242      5      23
    ## 923       46       14       -3    AUS  DFW      190     10      21
    ## 924      165        3        4    CLE  AUS     1174      4      24
    ## 925       93      -12       -6    MCI  AUS      650      5      11
    ## 926      161       -2        1    AUS  LAS     1090      7       9
    ## 927      131       31       49    ORD  AUS      978      5      11
    ## 928       34       -5       -8    AUS  IAH      140     11      16
    ## 929      172       -8        4    SJC  AUS     1476      5      11
    ## 930      136        1       10    CVG  AUS      958      5      20
    ## 931      188      -22        1    BWI  AUS     1342      5      19
    ## 932      140       35       32    ONT  AUS     1197      5      20
    ## 933       85       -8       -1    MEM  AUS      559      6      18
    ## 934      166       -2       -2    AUS  BWI     1342      5       9
    ## 935       99       -8       -2    AUS  ABQ      619      6      16
    ## 936      170        4       14    AUS  SAN     1164      3       7
    ## 937       32        2        7    DFW  AUS      190      5      18
    ## 938      132      -25       -2    TPA  AUS      928      3       7
    ## 939       44        0       -2    AUS  DFW      190      7      11
    ## 940       34      -12       -5    DAL  AUS      189      3       6
    ## 941      133        9       -4    AUS  PHX      872     27       8
    ## 942       34      -19      -19    DAL  AUS      189      4      12
    ## 943       28       -7       -4    HOU  AUS      148      5       9
    ## 944       35       10        2    AUS  IAH      140     10      20
    ## 945      126       -9       -3    AUS  ORD      978      8      10
    ## 946      179       75       89    IAD  AUS     1297      6      17
    ## 947      117       14        9    ATL  AUS      813      7      36
    ## 948      103      -14       -8    PHX  AUS      872      4      29
    ## 949       28        9       18    IAH  AUS      140      7      13
    ## 950       93       11       -4    AUS  MCI      650      4      29
    ## 951      103       -5        0    AUS  ATL      813     10      10
    ## 952       37        6        0    DFW  AUS      190      6      23
    ## 953       39      -12       -5    AUS  DAL      189      3       6
    ## 954       51        2       -3    AUS  DFW      190      8      11
    ## 955       95       -4       -2    AUS  BNA      756      5       8
    ## 956      142       36       37    LAX  AUS     1242      6      21
    ## 957      132        0       -5    AUS  CVG      958      3      10
    ## 958       32       -5       -4    IAH  AUS      140      5      19
    ## 959       88        3       -6    ABQ  AUS      619      9      16
    ## 960       29       -6        1    AUS  HOU      148      3       6
    ## 961      190       13        0    AUS  LAX     1242     13      10
    ## 962      112        3       -4    AUS  DEN      775     18      11
    ## 963       39      -20      -14    AUS  DAL      189      3       7
    ## 964       86      -25      -16    AUS  MCI      650      5      10
    ## 965      161       -7       -4    AUS  LAS     1090      4      12
    ## 966       66       -5        0    ELP  AUS      528      3      11
    ## 967       32       -6       -5    DFW  AUS      190      6      21
    ## 968       33      -10       -5    DAL  AUS      189      5       7
    ## 969      195       14       23    AUS  JFK     1522      3      11
    ## 970      105       29       35    PHX  AUS      872      3      21
    ## 971      159       23        0    AUS  CLE     1174     15      14
    ## 972       78      -13       -9    AUS  MEM      559      6      16
    ## 973      215        6      -12    AUS  JFK     1522      7      18
    ## 974      190       -1        2    AUS  LAX     1242      3       9
    ## 975      124       19       25    AUS  ORD      978     11      14
    ## 976      156      -10       -3    JAX  AUS      954      7      10
    ## 977       39       -2        1    AUS  DAL      189      3       5
    ## 978      151        1       -1    AUS  RDU     1162      3      13
    ## 979      202       35       45    AUS  EWR     1504      8      10
    ## 980       35        2       -7    AUS  IAH      140      9      22
    ## 981      133      -24       -4    ORD  AUS      978      4       8
    ## 982      103        9        9    AUS  ATL      813      8      14
    ## 983       35       -8       -4    DFW  AUS      190      7      14
    ## 984       84       -8       -5    AUS  ELP      528      4       9
    ## 985       42       25       14    AUS  DFW      190      8      21
    ## 986       35      -10       -4    DAL  AUS      189      4      10
    ## 987       45       -2       -6    AUS  HRL      273      2      17
    ## 988      162       63       60    AUS  IAD     1297     10      18
    ## 989       32        1       -8    AUS  IAH      140      6      28
    ## 990      173       35       47    SJC  AUS     1476      4      11
    ## 991      148      -11        3    MCO  AUS      993      4      14
    ## 992      140      -23       -1    LAX  AUS     1242      4      14
    ## 993      209      -13      -10    AUS  BOS     1698      5      12
    ## 994      109      -16       -7    PHX  AUS      872      5      19
    ## 995      137       -9       -4    ORD  AUS      978      2      21
    ## 996      118      -18       -6    AUS  MCO      993      5      10
    ## 997      117      -18        0    ATL  AUS      813      5      12
    ## 998       46       -3       -5    AUS  DFW      190      8       8
    ## 999       34       -8       -2    DAL  AUS      189      5       5
    ## 1000     137       -3       19    CVG  AUS      958     12       7
    ## 1001     209      -19       -6    JFK  AUS     1522      4      28
    ## 1002     130       34       50    LAS  AUS     1090      5       9
    ## 1003      29       -4        1    HOU  AUS      148      4       7
    ## 1004      89       -1        9    MEM  AUS      559      5      11
    ## 1005      35       -8        0    DFW  AUS      190      4      13
    ## 1006     138        0        5    SLC  AUS     1085      6      14
    ## 1007      43        4        1    AUS  DAL      189      3       7
    ## 1008      42       -9       -8    AUS  DAL      189      4       8
    ## 1009      28        7       11    IAH  AUS      140      5      16
    ## 1010     101        7       13    DEN  AUS      775      5       8
    ## 1011      99        6        0    MCI  AUS      650      5      17
    ## 1012      34       -1        2    DAL  AUS      189      6       7
    ## 1013     105       14       12    DEN  AUS      775      4      18
    ## 1014     107      -19       -4    STL  AUS      722      4       9
    ## 1015     113        3       22    BNA  AUS      756      3      10
    ## 1016      44       -7       -2    HRL  AUS      273      4       7
    ## 1017     160       -5       -1    AUS  BWI     1342      5      11
    ## 1018      39        6       -1    AUS  DFW      190     16      12
    ## 1019     137        4       17    ORD  AUS      978      4      11
    ## 1020     212      -26       -2    EWR  AUS     1504      6      17
    ## 1021     188      -26        4    BWI  AUS     1342      4       8
    ## 1022      56       34       35    AUS  OKC      358      4      14
    ## 1023      61       11        8    AUS  MSY      445      5      14
    ## 1024      61      -12       -6    AUS  TUL      426      4      11
    ## 1025      30       -4        0    AUS  HOU      148      3      13
    ## 1026     115       10       15    AUS  DEN      775      5      10
    ## 1027      29       33       33    IAH  AUS      140      8      17
    ## 1028     230       26        0    AUS  SJC     1476      7      14
    ## 1029     118       -2       16    ATL  AUS      813      5      19
    ## 1030      39       20       23    AUS  DAL      189      2      11
    ## 1031      33      -13       -3    DFW  AUS      190      3      14
    ## 1032     134       -1        0    AUS  PHX      872      9      10
    ## 1033     103        5        0    AUS  ATL      813     19      12
    ## 1034      40        1       -5    AUS  DFW      190     14      12
    ## 1035     134       -1        1    AUS  PHX      872      7      12
    ## 1036      35        0        3    DAL  AUS      189      3       9
    ## 1037      32        2        7    AUS  IAH      140     15      13
    ## 1038     130        4        0    AUS  CVG      958      2      24
    ## 1039     167      -13       -1    AUS  SAN     1164      2       9
    ## 1040      42       -4       -1    AUS  DAL      189      3       7
    ## 1041      64      -22      -10    TUL  AUS      426      4       8
    ## 1042      28        3        9    IAH  AUS      140      5      16
    ## 1043     123      -20       -5    AUS  ORD      978     12      10
    ## 1044     188      292      260    SFO  AUS     1504      4      45
    ## 1045      84       -9       -7    AUS  MEM      559      6      18
    ## 1046      29       12       13    HOU  AUS      148      5      10
    ## 1047      34       -1        0    DAL  AUS      189      3      17
    ## 1048     103        5       14    PHX  AUS      872      5      13
    ## 1049     106       12       15    DEN  AUS      775      5      10
    ## 1050      34       -3        0    DAL  AUS      189      4       9
    ## 1051     103      -10       -4    PHX  AUS      872      7      20
    ## 1052     116       42       46    AUS  TPA      928      6       9
    ## 1053     132       39       57    SAN  AUS     1164      3       7
    ## 1054      36       34       24    AUS  IAH      140      4      30
    ## 1055      46       -9       -2    AUS  MAF      294      3       9
    ## 1056     103       -7       -2    DEN  AUS      775      4      10
    ## 1057      33       -3        3    DFW  AUS      190      6      15
    ## 1058      91        6       10    AUS  MCI      650      5      10
    ## 1059     117        9       25    ATL  AUS      813      5      21
    ## 1060      72      -20       -4    MSY  AUS      445      5      10
    ## 1061      40        0        4    AUS  DAL      189      3       8
    ## 1062     156       -2        2    AUS  IAD     1297      9       9
    ## 1063      37        6       -4    AUS  DFW      190     29       9
    ## 1064      93      -22       -8    AUS  STL      722      5       8
    ## 1065     114       15       -1    AUS  ATL      813     27      10
    ## 1066      56      124      130    OKC  AUS      358      8       7
    ## 1067      82        2        7    AUS  ELP      528      4       9
    ## 1068      29       -3        9    AUS  HOU      148      3       6
    ## 1069     187      -16       -5    AUS  EWR     1504      7      20
    ## 1070      34       -5        3    DAL  AUS      189      3       5
    ## 1071     133      -12       -6    AUS  PHX      872      6       9
    ## 1072      40       -5       -3    AUS  DAL      189      3      10
    ## 1073      36      -13       -5    DFW  AUS      190      6      10
    ## 1074     125      -20       -1    AUS  ORD      978      8       8
    ## 1075      35      -10       -7    DAL  AUS      189      4      13
    ## 1076     143       10       -2    ORD  AUS      978      5      34
    ## 1077      45        1        1    AUS  DAL      189      3       7
    ## 1078     121       -5       16    AUS  ORD      978      4      10
    ## 1079      94      -26       -8    AUS  ABQ      619      5      10
    ## 1080      29        1        4    IAH  AUS      140      5      18
    ## 1081     152       -5        0    AUS  SLC     1085     19      14
    ## 1082     137        6       10    SNA  AUS     1209      4      15
    ## 1083     140        1       11    ONT  AUS     1197      5       7
    ## 1084      53       12       18    AUS  LBB      341      2       9
    ## 1085     173       12       24    SJC  AUS     1476      3      12
    ## 1086     184       18       33    AUS  JFK     1522      6      18
    ## 1087     202      -50       35    JFK  AUS     1522     10      23
    ## 1088      38       31        2    AUS  DFW      190     40      11
    ## 1089     126       28       38    AUS  MDW      972      7       7
    ## 1090      32       -9       -5    AUS  IAH      140      7      16
    ## 1091      32        5       18    DFW  AUS      190      4      11
    ## 1092      46       43       40    LBB  AUS      341      4      18
    ## 1093      41       -7       -2    AUS  DAL      189      3       6
    ## 1094      41        0        1    MAF  AUS      294      4       9
    ## 1095     175       96      106    AUS  ONT     1197      6      10
    ## 1096      65      118      126    ELP  AUS      528      5       7
    ## 1097      33      -12       -4    DFW  AUS      190      7      12
    ## 1098      33       29       32    DAL  AUS      189      5       9
    ## 1099     187       39       -1    AUS  LAX     1242     14      34
    ## 1100     212       27       28    AUS  SJC     1476      3       9
    ## 1101      33        1        0    HOU  AUS      148      6       7
    ## 1102     114       -1       -1    AUS  JAX      954      6       9
    ## 1103      83       -9       -1    ABQ  AUS      619      5       8
    ## 1104     121       11       16    ATL  AUS      813      8      17
    ## 1105      39       -8       -5    AUS  DAL      189      3      10
    ## 1106     162      -13        8    RDU  AUS     1162      6      16
    ## 1107      42       -2       -6    AUS  DFW      190     11      11
    ## 1108      35       -6       -8    DAL  AUS      189      3      14
    ## 1109     144       -4      -13    MSP  AUS     1042      6      27
    ## 1110     144       24       26    LAX  AUS     1242      5      23
    ## 1111     133        4        0    SLC  AUS     1085      5      29
    ## 1112      40        2        8    AUS  DAL      189      4       5
    ## 1113      91       16        8    MEM  AUS      559      7      25
    ## 1114     118      -18      -10    BNA  AUS      756      5       9
    ## 1115      83        0        1    AUS  ELP      528      3       8
    ## 1116      32       35       38    AUS  HOU      148      3       7
    ## 1117      42       -5       -6    AUS  DFW      190     12       7
    ## 1118      37       16       15    DAL  AUS      189      4      10
    ## 1119     104       12        5    AUS  DEN      775      8      28
    ## 1120      33        6       17    DFW  AUS      190      6      10
    ## 1121     125      -15        0    AUS  PHX      872      7       8
    ## 1122     110       -1        0    PHX  AUS      872      5      28
    ## 1123     160       19       32    AUS  LAS     1090      4       8
    ## 1124     143       26       14    ORD  AUS      978     17      17
    ## 1125     220       17        9    EWR  AUS     1504      4      54
    ## 1126     145       59       66    MDW  AUS      972      7       6
    ## 1127      33       23       27    DAL  AUS      189      4       9
    ## 1128     102       -1        0    DEN  AUS      775      6      12
    ## 1129     108       21       24    PHX  AUS      872      6       8
    ## 1130     222        7       -3    JFK  AUS     1522      5      37
    ## 1131     175       12       14    CLE  AUS     1174     11      12
    ## 1132      34       -4        4    DFW  AUS      190      6      12
    ## 1133     143       14        0    CVG  AUS      958     10      37
    ## 1134      39        1        6    AUS  DAL      189      3       8
    ## 1135      98       99      101    DEN  AUS      775      4      16
    ## 1136      28        1        0    HOU  AUS      148      7      11
    ## 1137      28       36       43    AUS  HOU      148      4       6
    ## 1138      29      115      114    IAH  AUS      140      7      22
    ## 1139      38       22       25    AUS  DAL      189      3       6
    ## 1140      92      109      118    AUS  BNA      756      7       7
    ## 1141     144        1       -5    ORD  AUS      978      5      22
    ## 1142      67       49       53    ELP  AUS      528      5       9
    ## 1143      28       25       24    IAH  AUS      140      4      26
    ## 1144     125       81       91    LAS  AUS     1090      4      16
    ## 1145      34       39       43    DFW  AUS      190      8      14
    ## 1146      35        1        3    DFW  AUS      190      4      14
    ## 1147      98      200      207    TUS  AUS      797      6       6
    ## 1148     107      294      303    AUS  DEN      775      5      11
    ## 1149     116      102      105    ATL  AUS      813     16      21
    ## 1150      40       40       32    IAH  AUS      140      5      14
    ## 1151      NA       NA       NA    AUS  DAL      189     NA      NA
    ## 1152      NA       NA       NA    AUS  DAL      189     NA      NA
    ## 1153      NA       NA       NA    DAL  AUS      189     NA      NA
    ## 1154      NA       NA       NA    DAL  AUS      189     NA      NA
    ## 1155      33       -7       -5    AUS  IAH      140      6      12
    ## 1156     151        6      -10    AUS  ORD      978      5      15
    ## 1157     135       -5       -5    AUS  PHX      872      2      12
    ## 1158      40       10       -4    AUS  DFW      190     17      17
    ## 1159      93      -18       -2    AUS  ATL      813     10      10
    ## 1160      80      -12       -5    AUS  MEM      559      5      13
    ## 1161     128        4       -6    AUS  DEN      775      6      11
    ## 1162     221        5       -6    AUS  SJC     1476      5      10
    ## 1163     147        1      -10    AUS  ORD      978      6      14
    ## 1164     143       -6       -5    AUS  MSP     1042      5      18
    ## 1165     145      -11       -1    LAX  AUS     1242      5      15
    ## 1166      88      -18       -7    MCI  AUS      650      5      13
    ## 1167      41       16        0    AUS  IAH      140     11      18
    ## 1168      96      -12       -4    AUS  BNA      756      4       7
    ## 1169      44       -7       -3    MAF  AUS      294      3       9
    ## 1170     183      -13       -2    AUS  JFK     1522      7      12
    ## 1171     194       16        0    AUS  ONT     1197      7      16
    ## 1172      38       -5       -5    AUS  DFW      190      8      14
    ## 1173     130      -11        3    LAS  AUS     1090      3      13
    ## 1174      70       -9        8    AUS  ELP      528      4       9
    ## 1175      54       -6        3    AUS  MSY      445      4      10
    ## 1176      96      -11       -2    AUS  ATL      813     11       8
    ## 1177     103       -8       -4    DEN  AUS      775      5      15
    ## 1178      46       -9       -2    LBB  AUS      341      4       8
    ## 1179     120      -18       -1    AUS  TUS      797      5       9
    ## 1180      40       -9       -6    AUS  DFW      190      8       9
    ## 1181      56       -4       -2    AUS  LBB      341      3       9
    ## 1182      47       -9       -4    AUS  MAF      294      3      10
    ## 1183     133      -17        0    MDW  AUS      972      4      11
    ## 1184     145       -6       -1    AUS  CLE     1174      6      14
    ## 1185     181        4       -5    AUS  SNA     1209      8      10
    ## 1186      37       37       26    AUS  IAH      140     10      21
    ## 1187     232      -17       -1    JFK  AUS     1522      4      18
    ## 1188     124        1        0    AUS  PHX      872      5      21
    ## 1189      34      -12       -4    DAL  AUS      189      3      10
    ## 1190      34       -6       -4    DFW  AUS      190      8      16
    ## 1191     129       -8        0    AUS  CVG      958      3      12
    ## 1192      42       -2       -2    AUS  DAL      189      4       9
    ## 1193     181       11        3    AUS  SLC     1085      5      12
    ## 1194     132       -5       -2    SAN  AUS     1164      4      21
    ## 1195      33        3        4    HOU  AUS      148      5       6
    ## 1196     121       -5        0    BNA  AUS      756      4      10
    ## 1197     190        6      -29    IAD  AUS     1297      4      57
    ## 1198      73      -18       -2    MSY  AUS      445      5       9
    ## 1199      30       -4       -1    AUS  HOU      148      5       7
    ## 1200      43       16        5    AUS  IAH      140     13      12
    ## 1201     131        2        5    ORD  AUS      978      4      27
    ## 1202     119       -7       -1    AUS  DEN      775      7      10
    ## 1203      34       -1        2    IAH  AUS      140      5      10
    ## 1204      40       22       -6    AUS  DFW      190     39       9
    ## 1205     100       -2        0    AUS  ATL      813      4      20
    ## 1206     137        1        3    ATL  AUS      813      4      16
    ## 1207      34       -2        2    DAL  AUS      189      6       6
    ## 1208     186        1       -2    AUS  LAX     1242      7      10
    ## 1209     252      -11        5    BOS  AUS     1698      3      14
    ## 1210      39        8       -2    AUS  DFW      190     21      10
    ## 1211      89      -15       -7    MCI  AUS      650      5      13
    ## 1212     162        2        1    AUS  LAS     1090      8      11
    ## 1213     143       19       13    ONT  AUS     1197      9      16
    ## 1214     153       19        0    CVG  AUS      958      6      30
    ## 1215     170      -16        0    SJC  AUS     1476      4      10
    ## 1216      40       -8       -8    AUS  DAL      189      3      12
    ## 1217     176       -1        0    AUS  SAN     1164      5       8
    ## 1218      32      -17       -6    DFW  AUS      190      4      13
    ## 1219     206       -9        5    BWI  AUS     1342      6       9
    ## 1220      91       11       -3    MEM  AUS      559     12      27
    ## 1221      95      -20       -3    AUS  ABQ      619      5      10
    ## 1222     170       -9       -4    CLE  AUS     1174      4      15
    ## 1223     270      163      102    AUS  SFO     1504     15      14
    ## 1224     124      -19       -3    AUS  MDW      972      3       7
    ## 1225      40       17       -3    AUS  DFW      190     30      10
    ## 1226     140        2       11    TPA  AUS      928      4      12
    ## 1227      35       -7       -2    AUS  IAH      140      6      10
    ## 1228     131      -15       -1    AUS  PHX      872      4       6
    ## 1229     151      -17        0    AUS  BWI     1342      3       9
    ## 1230      32       -4        1    DAL  AUS      189      3      10
    ## 1231      29        4       -1    IAH  AUS      140      7      23
    ## 1232     141        3       -5    AUS  ORD      978      6      11
    ## 1233      29       -4        1    HOU  AUS      148      5       6
    ## 1234      32      -11       -3    DAL  AUS      189      2       8
    ## 1235     125        0       11    ATL  AUS      813      5      20
    ## 1236     100        1      -10    AUS  MCI      650      5      17
    ## 1237     105      -13        0    PHX  AUS      872      4      20
    ## 1238     100       -9        2    AUS  ATL      813      9       8
    ## 1239      43        4       -7    AUS  DFW      190     12      21
    ## 1240      93       -9       -3    AUS  BNA      756      5       6
    ## 1241      38        1        3    AUS  DAL      189      7       8
    ## 1242     146       23       38    LAX  AUS     1242      3       6
    ## 1243      86       -8       -3    ABQ  AUS      619      4       9
    ## 1244      35       -1       -1    AUS  HOU      148      3       7
    ## 1245      32       17       25    DFW  AUS      190      5      15
    ## 1246     116       -8       -6    AUS  DEN      775      8       8
    ## 1247     178       -8       -1    AUS  LAX     1242      5      10
    ## 1248     105       -7        6    PHX  AUS      872      5      12
    ## 1249      43       -3       -2    AUS  IAH      140      5      12
    ## 1250      99        0      -10    AUS  MCI      650      4      17
    ## 1251     164        3        2    AUS  LAS     1090      4      13
    ## 1252      42        1       -3    AUS  DAL      189      1      16
    ## 1253     188       13       14    AUS  JFK     1522     14      15
    ## 1254     186       -9        1    AUS  EWR     1504      9      22
    ## 1255      33       -4        3    DAL  AUS      189      3       7
    ## 1256     148      -15       -9    AUS  IAD     1297     13      20
    ## 1257      66       19       27    ELP  AUS      528      3       8
    ## 1258     125       -9       -4    AUS  CVG      958      3       9
    ## 1259      89        0       -4    AUS  MEM      559      6      13
    ## 1260     141       22       16    AUS  ORD      978     11       9
    ## 1261     187      -23       -6    AUS  JFK     1522      3      15
    ## 1262     181       10        6    AUS  LAX     1242     19       9
    ## 1263      40        5       -3    AUS  DAL      189      4      14
    ## 1264     142      -28       -4    JAX  AUS      954      4      10
    ## 1265      97       -4        2    AUS  ATL      813     11      11
    ## 1266      37      -13       -5    AUS  DFW      190      5      10
    ## 1267     139       18       -3    ORD  AUS      978      6      41
    ## 1268      32       47       59    DFW  AUS      190      5      11
    ## 1269      32      -12       -1    DFW  AUS      190      4      13
    ## 1270      76      -14        0    AUS  ELP      528      3       7
    ## 1271     128       22        0    LAS  AUS     1090      5      49
    ## 1272      32       -8       -4    DAL  AUS      189      8      11
    ## 1273     182       35       -3    AUS  CLE     1174      7      14
    ## 1274      44       -6        1    AUS  HRL      273      2       7
    ## 1275     208      -11      -10    AUS  BOS     1698      6      14
    ## 1276     145       -5       10    MCO  AUS      993      4      16
    ## 1277     166       36       58    SJC  AUS     1476      4       8
    ## 1278     123      -17        0    ATL  AUS      813      4       8
    ## 1279     144       -9        9    LAX  AUS     1242      3      15
    ## 1280     120      -10        2    AUS  MCO      993      6       7
    ## 1281      38       -1       -1    AUS  DFW      190      6      16
    ## 1282     227      -11       -6    JFK  AUS     1522      3      19
    ## 1283     111      -21        0    BNA  AUS      756      4       9
    ## 1284      31        3        5    DAL  AUS      189      4      13
    ## 1285      28       -7        0    HOU  AUS      148      4       6
    ## 1286      94      -17       -1    DEN  AUS      775      3       7
    ## 1287      28       -4       -2    IAH  AUS      140      4      19
    ## 1288     187      139      136    SFO  AUS     1504      3      18
    ## 1289      83       10       19    MEM  AUS      559      5      18
    ## 1290      89      -10       -5    MCI  AUS      650      5      16
    ## 1291      40       -5       -2    AUS  DAL      189      3       9
    ## 1292      33        2        7    DAL  AUS      189      4       8
    ## 1293      99      -22       -3    STL  AUS      722      5      12
    ## 1294      37       -1       -3    AUS  DFW      190     14      11
    ## 1295      43       -5        1    HRL  AUS      273      5       6
    ## 1296      33       27       32    DFW  AUS      190      4      18
    ## 1297      57       23       22    AUS  OKC      358      5      14
    ## 1298     164       17       11    AUS  BWI     1342      4      18
    ## 1299     196      -10       13    BWI  AUS     1342      4       7
    ## 1300      59       -1        4    AUS  MSY      445      5       8
    ## 1301     212       -6        9    EWR  AUS     1504      5      18
    ## 1302      95       28       43    DEN  AUS      775      4      11
    ## 1303     116       -1        5    AUS  DEN      775      5       8
    ## 1304      61       -7       -3    AUS  TUL      426      5      12
    ## 1305      36        5        6    AUS  HOU      148      5       8
    ## 1306     121      -17       -1    ATL  AUS      813      8      12
    ## 1307      40        0        2    AUS  DAL      189      4       9
    ## 1308      29       -3        0    HOU  AUS      148      5       8
    ## 1309     129       71       87    SLC  AUS     1085      6      12
    ## 1310     219       13        5    AUS  SJC     1476      6       8
    ## 1311      34       -9       -8    DFW  AUS      190      5      20
    ## 1312      40       -2        2    AUS  IAH      140      6      13
    ## 1313     127       -9        6    AUS  PHX      872      5       8
    ## 1314     176        0       -2    AUS  SAN     1164      6      10
    ## 1315      32       -6        0    DAL  AUS      189      4       8
    ## 1316      42       -5       -1    AUS  DAL      189      3       6
    ## 1317      29        2        0    IAH  AUS      140      4      24
    ## 1318     125       19       30    AUS  PHX      872      8      10
    ## 1319      19        5       -1    TUL  AUS      426     65      10
    ## 1320      40       27       31    AUS  DFW      190      9       7
    ## 1321     113       12       22    AUS  TPA      928      4       8
    ## 1322     105      -12        0    AUS  ATL      813      8       7
    ## 1323      32      -13       -5    DAL  AUS      189      3      12
    ## 1324      95       11       -3    AUS  MEM      559     12      17
    ## 1325     103       -3        4    DEN  AUS      775      5       7
    ## 1326      36      -11       -2    AUS  DAL      189      4       6
    ## 1327     132       56       49    SAN  AUS     1164      5      30
    ## 1328      76       -9        1    AUS  ELP      528      4      10
    ## 1329     119      -19        1    ATL  AUS      813      4      16
    ## 1330      98       -9      -10    AUS  MCI      650      5       8
    ## 1331     107       -5       -4    PHX  AUS      872     10      18
    ## 1332     140       31       26    AUS  ORD      978      8      17
    ## 1333     107       13       26    PHX  AUS      872      4       6
    ## 1334      33       10        8    DAL  AUS      189      4      15
    ## 1335      30      -15       -1    DFW  AUS      190      3      13
    ## 1336     100      -12       -3    DEN  AUS      775      4       9
    ## 1337      69      -26       -6    MSY  AUS      445      6       8
    ## 1338      48      -11       -6    AUS  MAF      294      3       9
    ## 1339     134       14        0    CVG  AUS      958      7      46
    ## 1340      34       -9       -9    AUS  HOU      148      4      12
    ## 1341      44        6       -1    AUS  DFW      190     13      15
    ## 1342     107       -1       -4    AUS  STL      722      7       9
    ## 1343      NA       NA       19    SAT  AUS       66     NA      12
    ## 1344     183      -21       -8    AUS  JFK     1522     14      13
    ## 1345      68       44       50    ELP  AUS      528      5       6
    ## 1346      39       -6       -4    AUS  DAL      189      2      12
    ## 1347      32       -7       -1    DAL  AUS      189      5       7
    ## 1348      31        2       -2    DFW  AUS      190     10      23
    ## 1349     218      -55        0    JFK  AUS     1522      7      40
    ## 1350      54       -9       -4    AUS  LBB      341      3       8
    ## 1351      41       -7       -3    AUS  DAL      189      3       7
    ## 1352     137        2        8    SNA  AUS     1209      5      12
    ## 1353     128      -13       13    ORD  AUS      978      5      11
    ## 1354     161       10       26    CLE  AUS     1174      7      17
    ## 1355      27       15       19    IAH  AUS      140      5      19
    ## 1356      33       -8       -1    DAL  AUS      189      4       6
    ## 1357     127       23       34    AUS  MDW      972      3       9
    ## 1358      46       22       31    LBB  AUS      341      4       6
    ## 1359      38        6       10    AUS  DFW      190      6      12
    ## 1360      37       11        7    AUS  IAH      140     15       9
    ## 1361      37      -12       -4    AUS  DAL      189      4       6
    ## 1362      33      -10       -2    DFW  AUS      190      6      13
    ## 1363     139      119       76    AUS  ORD      978     14      46
    ## 1364      42       15       17    MAF  AUS      294      3       8
    ## 1365     115       -4       -3    AUS  JAX      954      5       8
    ## 1366      28        7       13    HOU  AUS      148      5       6
    ## 1367     128       -8       16    MDW  AUS      972      5       8
    ## 1368     159      -10        1    AUS  LAS     1090      7       8
    ## 1369      33       20       18    AUS  HOU      148      6       8
    ## 1370     139       11       -3    MSP  AUS     1042      8      35
    ## 1371      32       -2       10    DFW  AUS      190      4      12
    ## 1372     110       -7       -2    AUS  DEN      775      7      10
    ## 1373     109      -16       -8    BNA  AUS      756      6      17
    ## 1374     105      -27       -4    PHX  AUS      872      4      12
    ## 1375     104      113      127    AUS  DEN      775      6       8
    ## 1376      37       20       28    AUS  DAL      189      3       7
    ## 1377     129       13       10    AUS  PHX      872     20       9
    ## 1378      87       44       49    MEM  AUS      559      8      15
    ## 1379     104       71       72    DEN  AUS      775      3      12
    ## 1380     209      -29       -9    JFK  AUS     1522      3      22
    ## 1381     128       77       85    ORD  AUS      978      5      24
    ## 1382     129       42       57    LAS  AUS     1090      4       7
    ## 1383     103       33       31    DEN  AUS      775      6      14
    ## 1384     115       -9        0    ATL  AUS      813      9      23
    ## 1385      26        2        9    IAH  AUS      140      6      18
    ## 1386      32      -11       -3    DFW  AUS      190      5      15
    ## 1387     158      -13      -10    AUS  LAS     1090      6      11
    ## 1388     104       95       95    PHX  AUS      872      4      17
    ## 1389     131       49       60    ORD  AUS      978      4      19
    ## 1390      98      195      199    TUS  AUS      797      7       8
    ## 1391     132        5       10    LAS  AUS     1090      7      17
    ## 1392      33        1       -5    DAL  AUS      189     15      13
    ## 1393     132       -6       -5    AUS  PHX      872      8      15
    ## 1394     133       -8       -5    AUS  ORD      978     10       9
    ## 1395      38      -11       -3    AUS  DFW      190      4      10
    ## 1396      99       -8        2    AUS  ATL      813      6      14
    ## 1397      82       -8       -3    AUS  MEM      559      6      12
    ## 1398      48       -7       -2    AUS  MAF      294      2      10
    ## 1399     108      -11       -6    AUS  DEN      775      8      14
    ## 1400     201        6      -12    AUS  EWR     1504      7      15
    ## 1401     100       -5       -4    AUS  BNA      756      5       9
    ## 1402      71       -1       -2    ELP  AUS      528      4      11
    ## 1403     223        7       -5    AUS  SJC     1476      5       9
    ## 1404     132       26       -9    AUS  ORD      978      7      52
    ## 1405     132        8       -5    AUS  MSP     1042      8      40
    ## 1406     144      -15       -4    LAX  AUS     1242      5      15
    ## 1407      40       10       -4    AUS  IAH      140     14      14
    ## 1408      98       -9       -9    MCI  AUS      650      6      13
    ## 1409     201       -1       -7    AUS  JFK     1522      5      13
    ## 1410     174      -17       -4    AUS  ONT     1197      7       7
    ## 1411      78      -10        0    AUS  ELP      528      3       9
    ## 1412      38       -8        1    AUS  DAL      189      2      11
    ## 1413      52       -7       -2    AUS  LBB      341      4       9
    ## 1414     104        7       -4    AUS  ATL      813     21      10
    ## 1415      62        2        5    AUS  MSY      445      3       9
    ## 1416     119      -10       -9    AUS  TUS      797      7      24
    ## 1417     119      -18       -1    AUS  MDW      972      3      11
    ## 1418      40       -8       -9    AUS  DFW      190     10      11
    ## 1419      47       -3       -1    MAF  AUS      294      4       7
    ## 1420     110        6        6    DEN  AUS      775      8       9
    ## 1421      34       -9       -4    DAL  AUS      189      5       6
    ## 1422     129      -12       -1    AUS  PHX      872      7       8
    ## 1423     136      -20        0    MDW  AUS      972      5       4
    ## 1424     208      -34       -6    JFK  AUS     1522      5      29
    ## 1425      33       -4       -9    DFW  AUS      190     20      12
    ## 1426     182        8       -3    AUS  SNA     1209      7      12
    ## 1427      35       -9       -7    DAL  AUS      189      7      11
    ## 1428     148       -7        5    AUS  SLC     1085     22       8
    ## 1429     134      -13       -1    SAN  AUS     1164      3      11
    ## 1430     141        3       -5    ORD  AUS      978      6      26
    ## 1431     113      -16        1    BNA  AUS      756      4       6
    ## 1432      31        7        6    HOU  AUS      148      5      10
    ## 1433      42       15       -1    AUS  IAH      140     19      12
    ## 1434      69      -20       -5    MSY  AUS      445      6      13
    ## 1435     122       -3       -3    AUS  DEN      775      5      15
    ## 1436      32       -5       -1    AUS  HOU      148      2       7
    ## 1437     109        2       -5    AUS  ATL      813      8      16
    ## 1438      34       11       -4    AUS  DFW      190     32       9
    ## 1439     121      -13        2    ATL  AUS      813      5      18
    ## 1440      33       -7       -1    DAL  AUS      189      5       6
    ## 1441      29       26       17    IAH  AUS      140      9      23
    ## 1442     136        9       10    AUS  PHX      872     14      11
    ## 1443     185        7       -4    AUS  LAX     1242     11      15
    ## 1444      52       -1       -3    LBB  AUS      341      5      10
    ## 1445     197      -18       -2    EWR  AUS     1504     11      32
    ## 1446     110        1       12    PHX  AUS      872      4       5
    ## 1447      41      -10       -4    AUS  DAL      189      2       6
    ## 1448     160       -9       -3    AUS  LAS     1090      5       9
    ## 1449     104        0       -7    MCI  AUS      650      6      12
    ## 1450      41       34       -1    AUS  DFW      190     39      15
    ## 1451     235      -19       11    BOS  AUS     1698      3      17
    ## 1452     168      -16        3    SJC  AUS     1476      4       9
    ## 1453     185       16       31    IAD  AUS     1297      5      11
    ## 1454      89      -27      -10    AUS  ABQ      619     10      11
    ## 1455     187      -34        0    BWI  AUS     1342      5       9
    ## 1456      40       -6       -2    AUS  DAL      189      2       9
    ## 1457     178        7        5    AUS  SAN     1164      6       8
    ## 1458     134       20       30    LAS  AUS     1090      3      13
    ## 1459     228      112       99    AUS  SFO     1504      9      14
    ## 1460      33      -11       -1    DFW  AUS      190      7      10
    ## 1461     166       -1        0    AUS  BWI     1342      3      10
    ## 1462      87       -3       10    MEM  AUS      559      4      12
    ## 1463     131      -12        5    TPA  AUS      928      6      11
    ## 1464      41       12        4    AUS  DFW      190     19       8
    ## 1465     131      -14       -2    AUS  PHX      872      5       7
    ## 1466     139       54       63    ONT  AUS     1197      5       9
    ## 1467      36        0        0    DAL  AUS      189      5       9
    ## 1468      35        4       -4    HOU  AUS      148      6      12
    ## 1469      36        0       -5    DAL  AUS      189      8      11
    ## 1470     110      -30        0    ATL  AUS      813      5      16
    ## 1471      33        9        5    IAH  AUS      140      8      17
    ## 1472      39       20       15    AUS  IAH      140      7      15
    ## 1473      41       -4       -1    AUS  DAL      189      4       7
    ## 1474      87      -10       -1    AUS  MCI      650      6       9
    ## 1475     144        3       16    LAX  AUS     1242      4       9
    ## 1476     101       -5       -2    AUS  ATL      813     15       9
    ## 1477      34       -7       -4    DFW  AUS      190      7      16
    ## 1478     109      -19        0    PHX  AUS      872      4       9
    ## 1479      38      -17       -4    AUS  DFW      190      5       9
    ## 1480     100        0       -2    AUS  BNA      756      4       8
    ## 1481      40       -2       -1    AUS  DAL      189      3      11
    ## 1482     125        5       -3    AUS  CVG      958     10      13
    ## 1483      86       -7       -6    ABQ  AUS      619      6      11
    ## 1484      37        7        2    AUS  HOU      148      4       9
    ## 1485      30       15        8    IAH  AUS      140      7      22
    ## 1486     186        2        1    AUS  LAX     1242      6       9
    ## 1487     109       -2       12    PHX  AUS      872      1      11
    ## 1488      38       -5       -4    AUS  DAL      189      3      13
    ## 1489     109        2        8    AUS  DEN      775     10       9
    ## 1490     165        3        4    AUS  LAS     1090      7       7
    ## 1491      33       -7       -3    DFW  AUS      190     13      10
    ## 1492      91       -5       -2    AUS  MCI      650      5      11
    ## 1493      34       -5        1    DAL  AUS      189      5       5
    ## 1494      68       13       16    ELP  AUS      528      5       9
    ## 1495     149       12       -7    AUS  CLE     1174     25      10
    ## 1496     201        5       10    AUS  EWR     1504      8      13
    ## 1497     189       -4       -2    AUS  LAX     1242      5       9
    ## 1498      87       -8       -6    AUS  MEM      559      5      10
    ## 1499     126       14       14    AUS  ORD      978      6      23
    ## 1500     199      -14      -11    AUS  JFK     1522      3      17
    ## 1501     157       -1        8    AUS  IAD     1297      4      17
    ## 1502     174       50       39    SFO  AUS     1504      4      38
    ## 1503     134      -30        0    JAX  AUS      954      6      10
    ## 1504      40        4        5    AUS  DAL      189      4       5
    ## 1505     105       25        0    AUS  ATL      813     32      13
    ## 1506     152        7        1    AUS  RDU     1162      5      14
    ## 1507     165      -14        7    SJC  AUS     1476      7       7
    ## 1508     137      -10       -1    ORD  AUS      978      4      15
    ## 1509     222      102       75    AUS  JFK     1522     13      10
    ## 1510      35        0       -5    DFW  AUS      190     11      19
    ## 1511      39        7        8    AUS  DFW      190     11       9
    ## 1512      40        0        3    AUS  IAH      140      4      10
    ## 1513      80      -10       -3    AUS  ELP      528      4       9
    ## 1514      34      -10        0    DAL  AUS      189      3       8
    ## 1515      46       -5       -1    AUS  HRL      273      2       8
    ## 1516      36      -12       -8    AUS  IAH      140      9       8
    ## 1517     127       10       20    LAS  AUS     1090      3      20
    ## 1518     207      -12      -10    AUS  BOS     1698      6      14
    ## 1519     141       -9       -6    ORD  AUS      978      2      19
    ## 1520     117      -20       -1    ATL  AUS      813      4      12
    ## 1521     105      -13       -2    PHX  AUS      872      6      17
    ## 1522     136      -15       15    MCO  AUS      993      4      10
    ## 1523     143      -11        8    CVG  AUS      958      5      11
    ## 1524     123      -12        0    AUS  MCO      993      5       5
    ## 1525      40       -2       -4    AUS  DFW      190     13       9
    ## 1526      35       -3        0    DAL  AUS      189      4       8
    ## 1527      87       -6       -1    MEM  AUS      559      8      15
    ## 1528      27        7       10    HOU  AUS      148      5      10
    ## 1529      28      -13       -4    IAH  AUS      140      3      13
    ## 1530      33      -14       -1    DFW  AUS      190      4      10
    ## 1531     205      -15        9    JFK  AUS     1522      5      20
    ## 1532     105       -3        1    DEN  AUS      775      3       8
    ## 1533     113      -19        3    BNA  AUS      756      4       6
    ## 1534     102        0       -4    MCI  AUS      650      4      13
    ## 1535      38      -13       -8    AUS  DAL      189      3       9
    ## 1536     143        8       -1    ORD  AUS      978      9      22
    ## 1537     140       39       23    SLC  AUS     1085      5      34
    ## 1538     106      -15       -5    STL  AUS      722      6      13
    ## 1539      37        2       -5    AUS  DFW      190     18      12
    ## 1540      43       -8       -2    HRL  AUS      273      4       7
    ## 1541      38       25       23    AUS  DAL      189      4      10
    ## 1542      34      -13       -5    DAL  AUS      189      5       8
    ## 1543     165       10       15    AUS  BWI     1342      2       8
    ## 1544      68      -11      -10    AUS  TUL      426      3      10
    ## 1545     182      -13       20    BWI  AUS     1342      3      12
    ## 1546      38       11        2    AUS  HOU      148      3      18
    ## 1547      36       42       44    DAL  AUS      189      3       9
    ## 1548     205      -13       19    EWR  AUS     1504      5      17
    ## 1549      28       15       18    IAH  AUS      140      5      18
    ## 1550      38       -7        0    AUS  DAL      189      5       5
    ## 1551     103       -4       15    AUS  DEN      775      6       7
    ## 1552      62       28       25    AUS  MSY      445      4      14
    ## 1553     139       89      114    LAX  AUS     1242      4      12
    ## 1554     104       75       67    DEN  AUS      775      4      25
    ## 1555      53       57       64    AUS  OKC      358      9       6
    ## 1556     221        8        0    AUS  SJC     1476      3       9
    ## 1557      36      -15       -5    AUS  IAH      140      8      11
    ## 1558     104      -10       -2    AUS  ATL      813      9       8
    ## 1559      31       -9       -2    DAL  AUS      189      5       7
    ## 1560      38       -9       -2    DFW  AUS      190      3      12
    ## 1561     136       -3        0    AUS  PHX      872      8      10
    ## 1562      27       -3        0    IAH  AUS      140      8      17
    ## 1563     140        3        0    AUS  CVG      958      3      12
    ## 1564      44        4        4    AUS  DFW      190      8       8
    ## 1565     119       -5       -1    AUS  TPA      928      4       8
    ## 1566      43       -4       -1    AUS  DAL      189      3       6
    ## 1567      40        2       -5    AUS  DAL      189     13       9
    ## 1568      57       49       54    OKC  AUS      358      4      11
    ## 1569     178       22       20    AUS  SAN     1164      5       9
    ## 1570     129       14       32    SAN  AUS     1164      3      10
    ## 1571      80       -9       -7    AUS  MEM      559     10      18
    ## 1572     195        1       -1    AUS  EWR     1504     21      16
    ## 1573     105       -8        9    PHX  AUS      872      3       5
    ## 1574      69       15       15    TUL  AUS      426      5      14
    ## 1575     107       10        4    DEN  AUS      775      7      14
    ## 1576     134       42       51    AUS  PHX      872      4       8
    ## 1577      31       21       21    HOU  AUS      148      5       9
    ## 1578     108       -1       -4    PHX  AUS      872      9      18
    ## 1579     114      -21        5    ATL  AUS      813      5      14
    ## 1580      92      -15       -5    AUS  MCI      650      3       5
    ## 1581      34        9        8    DAL  AUS      189      3      14
    ## 1582      46       -7        0    AUS  MAF      294      4       8
    ## 1583      37        5        6    DFW  AUS      190      4      18
    ## 1584      39       -3        1    AUS  DAL      189      3       9
    ## 1585      70      -20       -3    MSY  AUS      445      6      10
    ## 1586     155       -3       -7    AUS  IAD     1297      6      21
    ## 1587     123       58       47    AUS  ORD      978     32      16
    ## 1588      44       27       -3    AUS  IAH      140     15      31
    ## 1589      68       17       24    ELP  AUS      528      3       7
    ## 1590      44        2        1    AUS  DFW      190     10      12
    ## 1591      90      -19       -4    AUS  STL      722      4      11
    ## 1592     110       59       29    DEN  AUS      775      5      37
    ## 1593      37        4        0    AUS  HOU      148      4      13
    ## 1594      33       54       61    DAL  AUS      189      5      10
    ## 1595      81        8       14    AUS  ELP      528      3      10
    ## 1596     206       -9      -11    AUS  JFK     1522      7      12
    ## 1597      34       -4        1    DAL  AUS      189      3       8
    ## 1598      34      -12       -4    DFW  AUS      190      4      14
    ## 1599      36      -16       -8    DAL  AUS      189      3       8
    ## 1600      40       -6       -1    AUS  DAL      189      2       8
    ## 1601      51       -6        0    AUS  LBB      341      3      10
    ## 1602     181       48       49    AUS  ONT     1197      7      12
    ## 1603     122        7       10    AUS  ORD      978     23      12
    ## 1604     134       -4        2    SNA  AUS     1209      5      15
    ## 1605      26        1        5    IAH  AUS      140      4      21
    ## 1606     167        6       18    SJC  AUS     1476      6      15
    ## 1607      49        9       14    LBB  AUS      341      3       8
    ## 1608     118       22       21    AUS  MDW      972     21      12
    ## 1609      94        4       14    AUS  ABQ      619      9      14
    ## 1610      36       39       43    AUS  DAL      189      3      12
    ## 1611     109       27       28    AUS  DEN      775      9      13
    ## 1612     143       -2       -6    AUS  PHX      872      8      10
    ## 1613      39        8       10    AUS  DFW      190      8      11
    ## 1614     216       12        1    AUS  SJC     1476      6      14
    ## 1615      39       -5       -2    AUS  IAH      140      6      11
    ## 1616      38       -5        0    AUS  DAL      189      4       8
    ## 1617     149       15       40    AUS  SLC     1085      5      11
    ## 1618      35       23       28    DAL  AUS      189      3       7
    ## 1619     118       63       70    AUS  ORD      978     22       9
    ## 1620     113       11        4    ATL  AUS      813      7      38
    ## 1621     164      -28       -5    RDU  AUS     1162      5      13
    ## 1622     123        7       -4    AUS  JAX      954      5      12
    ## 1623      30       -1        1    HOU  AUS      148      6       7
    ## 1624      37      -16      -12    AUS  DAL      189      3      11
    ## 1625      33       41       48    DFW  AUS      190      5      15
    ## 1626      80       -2       -1    ABQ  AUS      619      5      18
    ## 1627     136       64       71    ONT  AUS     1197      8      11
    ## 1628      41       28       30    MAF  AUS      294      3       9
    ## 1629      41        5       -3    AUS  DFW      190     17      10
    ## 1630      35       25       28    DFW  AUS      190      7      15
    ## 1631      36      -22      -15    DAL  AUS      189      5       2
    ## 1632      36       16       11    AUS  HOU      148      5       9
    ## 1633     145       13       17    MDW  AUS      972      4      12
    ## 1634      27        5       12    IAH  AUS      140      5      18
    ## 1635      38      -12       -5    AUS  DAL      189      3       7
    ## 1636     207       45      115    JFK  AUS     1522     10      33
    ## 1637      90       -6       -1    MEM  AUS      559      7      13
    ## 1638      34       -2        4    DFW  AUS      190      4      16
    ## 1639     144       32       35    LAX  AUS     1242      9      18
    ## 1640      95       14       25    AUS  BNA      756      4       5
    ## 1641     147        6        1    ORD  AUS      978      5      18
    ## 1642     110       -1        2    AUS  DEN      775      9      10
    ## 1643      34       12       15    DAL  AUS      189      6       7
    ## 1644     100      -17       -2    PHX  AUS      872      5      19
    ## 1645     207      -20       -2    EWR  AUS     1504      5      40
    ## 1646     115      -14       -1    BNA  AUS      756      5       7
    ## 1647     138        0        4    AUS  PHX      872      5       8
    ## 1648     106       54       49    DEN  AUS      775      7      12
    ## 1649     168       40       44    AUS  LAS     1090      4       9
    ## 1650     138       36       30    SLC  AUS     1085     11      20
    ## 1651      36       10       18    AUS  DFW      190      7       9
    ## 1652      82       35       35    AUS  ELP      528      3      10
    ## 1653     179       98       96    AUS  LAX     1242      6      12
    ## 1654      97       67       72    TUS  AUS      797      5      10
    ## 1655      32       10       12    AUS  HOU      148      3       8
    ## 1656      39      -16      -12    AUS  DAL      189      2      10
    ## 1657      35       36       40    DAL  AUS      189      3       8
    ## 1658     202      -23        0    JFK  AUS     1522      4      25
    ## 1659      38        5        7    AUS  DAL      189      4       6
    ## 1660     150       -5        0    CVG  AUS      958      6      15
    ## 1661     104       15       14    DEN  AUS      775      6      12
    ## 1662      29       -5       -3    HOU  AUS      148      4      10
    ## 1663     100       46       59    PHX  AUS      872      4       8
    ## 1664     116       14        0    ATL  AUS      813     22      32
    ## 1665      35       24       33    DFW  AUS      190      4      12
    ## 1666      32       21       10    IAH  AUS      140      6      30
    ## 1667     127       77       85    LAS  AUS     1090      6      14
    ## 1668      67       53       59    ELP  AUS      528      5       7
    ## 1669      34       19       29    DFW  AUS      190      5      11
    ## 1670     145       37       39    ORD  AUS      978      7      11
    ## 1671      30       -1       -4    IAH  AUS      140      7      17
    ## 1672      34        5        2    DFW  AUS      190      6      18
    ## 1673     127        5        0    LAS  AUS     1090     10      27
    ## 1674      NA       NA       NA    AUS  LAS     1090     NA      NA
    ## 1675      NA       NA       NA    AUS  ORD      978     NA      NA
    ## 1676      NA       NA       NA    ORD  AUS      978     NA      NA
    ## 1677      39        4       -1    AUS  IAH      140      7      14
    ## 1678      35        6       -1    DAL  AUS      189     16      11
    ## 1679     127       -7        0    AUS  PHX      872      8      10
    ## 1680      97      -13       -5    AUS  ATL      813     17       7
    ## 1681     126      -10       -2    AUS  ORD      978     11      10
    ## 1682      41        5        0    AUS  DFW      190      9      15
    ## 1683      88       -2       -2    AUS  MEM      559      6      11
    ## 1684      47      -12       -6    AUS  MAF      294      3       9
    ## 1685     103      -20       -4    AUS  DEN      775      6      10
    ## 1686     133        2        5    AUS  CVG      958      6      10
    ## 1687      33       -6       -3    AUS  HOU      148      3       6
    ## 1688      38       -9       -2    AUS  DAL      189      3       7
    ## 1689     191        2       -2    AUS  EWR     1504      5      16
    ## 1690     123      -22       -3    AUS  ORD      978      3      14
    ## 1691      68       -8       -1    ELP  AUS      528      3       7
    ## 1692      31       -1       -1    HOU  AUS      148      6       8
    ## 1693     217        5       -1    AUS  SJC     1476      2      12
    ## 1694     155        2       -5    LAX  AUS     1242      5      22
    ## 1695     133       -7       -2    AUS  PHX      872      6      11
    ## 1696      34       -3       -1    DAL  AUS      189      5       9
    ## 1697     179      -28      -10    AUS  JFK     1522      4      12
    ## 1698     182      -12       -8    AUS  ONT     1197      4      11
    ## 1699      92      -17       -5    AUS  BNA      756      4       7
    ## 1700     103       -1       -3    MCI  AUS      650      5      11
    ## 1701     120      -14        1    AUS  MDW      972      5      10
    ## 1702      41       -8       -4    AUS  DFW      190      7       8
    ## 1703      59       -8       -6    AUS  MSY      445      3      13
    ## 1704      38       -7        5    AUS  DAL      189      2       8
    ## 1705     126      -14       -8    AUS  TUS      797      5      14
    ## 1706      79       -9       -1    AUS  ELP      528      3      10
    ## 1707      30       25        9    IAH  AUS      140     20      18
    ## 1708     114       16       -3    DEN  AUS      775      6      26
    ## 1709      46       -8       -2    MAF  AUS      294      3       5
    ## 1710      51      -11       -5    AUS  LBB      341      2      11
    ## 1711     211      -12       -5    AUS  SFO     1504      8      10
    ## 1712      42        2        0    AUS  DFW      190      8      12
    ## 1713      33       -5        0    DAL  AUS      189      4       8
    ## 1714      96       17       24    AUS  ATL      813      9      12
    ## 1715     152        0        1    MDW  AUS      972      3       9
    ## 1716      49       48       54    LBB  AUS      341      4       6
    ## 1717     181        5       -5    AUS  SNA     1209      9      10
    ## 1718     223      -22       -4    JFK  AUS     1522      3      23
    ## 1719      38        6       -5    DAL  AUS      189     19       9
    ## 1720     123      -13       -7    BNA  AUS      756      3       8
    ## 1721      33        0        0    HOU  AUS      148      3       9
    ## 1722      37       -7        1    AUS  DAL      189      3       7
    ## 1723     194       -5       -4    IAD  AUS     1297      3      27
    ## 1724     111      -17       -4    AUS  DEN      775      9       9
    ## 1725     135       -9       -2    SAN  AUS     1164      5      13
    ## 1726      77      -24       -9    MSY  AUS      445      4       7
    ## 1727     148       18       -4    ORD  AUS      978      6      33
    ## 1728     160       27       23    AUS  SLC     1085     20      14
    ## 1729      44       22        9    AUS  IAH      140     11      15
    ## 1730     129      -12       -2    ATL  AUS      813      6      14
    ## 1731     105       -6        0    AUS  ATL      813      5      10
    ## 1732      43        3       -4    AUS  DFW      190     12      12
    ## 1733     164       31        5    AUS  PHX      872      9      15
    ## 1734     185       -2       -6    AUS  LAX     1242      7      12
    ## 1735      35        2        6    DAL  AUS      189      4       7
    ## 1736     127      -21       -3    LAS  AUS     1090      3      12
    ## 1737      45        1       -5    AUS  DFW      190      9      12
    ## 1738     111        4       -8    MCI  AUS      650      4      12
    ## 1739      37       -8       -2    AUS  DAL      189      3       9
    ## 1740      35       51       59    DFW  AUS      190      4      13
    ## 1741     166        3        0    AUS  LAS     1090      7      10
    ## 1742     106        8       22    PHX  AUS      872      3       7
    ## 1743      44       17       13    AUS  IAH      140      6      11
    ## 1744     172       -9        0    SJC  AUS     1476      4      15
    ## 1745     225       -9       -5    EWR  AUS     1504      5      31
    ## 1746     137        3       16    ONT  AUS     1197      5       7
    ## 1747      35       45       42    AUS  HOU      148      4       9
    ## 1748      42      121      117    AUS  IAH      140      7      14
    ## 1749     178       -2       -2    AUS  SAN     1164      2      10
    ## 1750     198      -21        3    BWI  AUS     1342      5       8
    ## 1751     100      -17       -6    AUS  ABQ      619      6      10
    ## 1752      30       57       52    IAH  AUS      140      5      25
    ## 1753     146       20       20    CVG  AUS      958      5      19
    ## 1754      38        2        6    AUS  DAL      189      2      11
    ## 1755     244       12       37    BOS  AUS     1698      3      13
    ## 1756      94        0        5    MEM  AUS      559      6      15
    ## 1757     158       -2        6    AUS  BWI     1342      5       9
    ## 1758     133      -18       -2    TPA  AUS      928      5      11
    ## 1759     148        6       -1    AUS  PHX      872      5       9
    ## 1760      34        1       -1    DAL  AUS      189      3      15
    ## 1761      34        4       -2    IAH  AUS      140      6      23
    ## 1762      37       28       34    DFW  AUS      190      4      13
    ## 1763     130       49       -5    AUS  ORD      978      4      70
    ## 1764      35       -1      -10    DAL  AUS      189      8      16
    ## 1765      28       -1        3    HOU  AUS      148      5       8
    ## 1766      89      -13       -6    AUS  MCI      650      4      11
    ## 1767     120        7       18    ATL  AUS      813      4      26
    ## 1768     143       -1       12    LAX  AUS     1242      5       9
    ## 1769     101      -15       -5    AUS  ATL      813      8       9
    ## 1770      42       49       45    AUS  DFW      190     13       9
    ## 1771      32      -10        3    DFW  AUS      190      5      10
    ## 1772      38      -11       -3    AUS  DAL      189      3       6
    ## 1773      41       -4        1    AUS  DFW      190      8      11
    ## 1774      90       -2        2    AUS  BNA      756      4      12
    ## 1775      38       51       52    AUS  IAH      140      5      13
    ## 1776     156       66       62    ORD  AUS      978      3      15
    ## 1777     132        4        0    AUS  CVG      958      2      10
    ## 1778      87       24       -5    ABQ  AUS      619     23      23
    ## 1779     103        9       20    PHX  AUS      872      4      23
    ## 1780      34       -2       -1    IAH  AUS      140      8      14
    ## 1781      35        5        2    AUS  HOU      148      4       9
    ## 1782     103       -6        8    PHX  AUS      872      5      13
    ## 1783     174        9       -1    AUS  LAS     1090      5      11
    ## 1784      38       -7       -4    AUS  DAL      189      3      11
    ## 1785      65       -5        1    ELP  AUS      528      3      11
    ## 1786     105        9        9    AUS  DEN      775      7      22
    ## 1787      36       -8       -4    DFW  AUS      190      7      13
    ## 1788      86        0        0    AUS  MCI      650      6      18
    ## 1789      23      270      280    AUS  IAH      140     15       8
    ## 1790      34       -3       -1    DAL  AUS      189      3      11
    ## 1791     189       34       25    AUS  LAX     1242      8      12
    ## 1792     198       -2        0    AUS  EWR     1504     12      18
    ## 1793     189       22       25    AUS  JFK     1522     11      15
    ## 1794     150       -1       -3    AUS  IAD     1297     17      19
    ## 1795     185       -7       -1    AUS  LAX     1242      6       8
    ## 1796     188      -33      -10    AUS  JFK     1522      3       8
    ## 1797     170       48       67    SFO  AUS     1504      3      12
    ## 1798      76        4       -1    AUS  MEM      559      5      29
    ## 1799     178      174      177    CLE  AUS     1174      3      10
    ## 1800     145      -20       -2    JAX  AUS      954      8       9
    ## 1801     140      -19       -3    AUS  RDU     1162      2       7
    ## 1802      39        9        8    AUS  DAL      189      5       7
    ## 1803     170        0        9    SJC  AUS     1476     11      10
    ## 1804      35       -1       -4    DFW  AUS      190      5      23
    ## 1805      40        5       -4    AUS  IAH      140     13      13
    ## 1806     128       -9       -7    LAS  AUS     1090      4      26
    ## 1807     125       67       54    AUS  ORD      978      7      36
    ## 1808      81       -8       -3    AUS  ELP      528      5       9
    ## 1809      34      -15       -8    DAL  AUS      189      6       8
    ## 1810      95       11       20    AUS  ATL      813     11      10
    ## 1811      47       -6       -3    AUS  HRL      273      2       8
    ## 1812      40       38       23    AUS  DFW      190     12      23
    ## 1813     141      -22       -1    MCO  AUS      993      6      12
    ## 1814      40       -2       -9    AUS  IAH      140      9      15
    ## 1815     142      -15        4    LAX  AUS     1242      6      13
    ## 1816     155       -3        0    CVG  AUS      958      5      15
    ## 1817     193      -20       -2    AUS  BOS     1698      5      13
    ## 1818      39       -4       -6    AUS  DFW      190     11      12
    ## 1819     149       45       49    ORD  AUS      978      5       7
    ## 1820     124       -5        2    AUS  MCO      993      6       8
    ## 1821      37       -4       -3    DAL  AUS      189      4       8
    ## 1822      28       -6       -2    HOU  AUS      148      5       8
    ## 1823     227        3       -6    JFK  AUS     1522      7      26
    ## 1824      30       -4       -5    IAH  AUS      140      8      16
    ## 1825     104       11       22    PHX  AUS      872      5      19
    ## 1826     135       -5       -2    SLC  AUS     1085      9      16
    ## 1827      35      -10        0    DFW  AUS      190      2      13
    ## 1828     107        2        1    DEN  AUS      775      4      10
    ## 1829      37       -9       -7    AUS  DAL      189      3       8
    ## 1830      92       17       16    MEM  AUS      559      6      18
    ## 1831     121       24       41    ATL  AUS      813      5       9
    ## 1832      40      -13       -8    AUS  DAL      189      1       9
    ## 1833     100        7        0    MCI  AUS      650      7      15
    ## 1834     156        2       -5    ORD  AUS      978      4      12
    ## 1835      34       -5        1    DAL  AUS      189      3       7
    ## 1836      49       -3        8    AUS  OKC      358      5      10
    ## 1837      38      -12       -6    AUS  DFW      190      5      11
    ## 1838     114       -1        0    STL  AUS      722      5      15
    ## 1839     157      -15       -2    AUS  BWI     1342      4       6
    ## 1840      46       -4       -1    HRL  AUS      273      4       7
    ## 1841     125       21       27    BNA  AUS      756      6       8
    ## 1842     205      -17       -3    BWI  AUS     1342      5       6
    ## 1843     109       33       32    DEN  AUS      775      7      13
    ## 1844      34      -20      -10    DAL  AUS      189      3       8
    ## 1845     218      -13       -8    EWR  AUS     1504      5      24
    ## 1846      62        2        4    AUS  MSY      445      4       9
    ## 1847      36       -6       -2    AUS  HOU      148      3       7
    ## 1848     105       -6        4    AUS  DEN      775     11       9
    ## 1849      60      -12       -6    AUS  TUL      426      3      13
    ## 1850      27       -6       -3    IAH  AUS      140      7      17
    ## 1851      36       -9       -5    AUS  DAL      189      3      12
    ## 1852      57      -12       -7    OKC  AUS      358      6       9
    ## 1853     142      161      171    AUS  CLE     1174      4       9
    ## 1854     229       12       -7    AUS  SJC     1476      4      11
    ## 1855     128       20       12    ATL  AUS      813      9      25
    ## 1856     128      -17       -5    AUS  PHX      872      8       9
    ## 1857      39      -15       -5    AUS  IAH      140      6       5
    ## 1858     141        0       -2    AUS  PHX      872      6      10
    ## 1859      36       -1        0    DAL  AUS      189      3      10
    ## 1860      43        2        0    AUS  DFW      190      9      10
    ## 1861     126      -13        0    AUS  CVG      958      1      12
    ## 1862     134       -4        6    SAN  AUS     1164      5      11
    ## 1863     118       -7       -3    AUS  TPA      928      5       8
    ## 1864     100        9       21    AUS  ATL      813     10       7
    ## 1865      35       30       21    DFW  AUS      190      6      28
    ## 1866      32       -4       -3    IAH  AUS      140      5      17
    ## 1867      42       -5       -1    AUS  DAL      189      3       6
    ## 1868      32       -5       -4    HOU  AUS      148      6       6
    ## 1869      40       -6       -2    AUS  DAL      189      2       9
    ## 1870     171       14       21    AUS  SAN     1164      2      10
    ## 1871      36       -8      -10    DAL  AUS      189     11      10
    ## 1872      38       -6       -7    AUS  IAH      140      9      14
    ## 1873      78       -9        3    AUS  MEM      559      6      10
    ## 1874     107       12        9    DEN  AUS      775      6      12
    ## 1875      33       -7        1    DAL  AUS      189      3       6
    ## 1876     103       -6        0    PHX  AUS      872      5      18
    ## 1877      36       -5       -4    DFW  AUS      190      4      19
    ## 1878      83      -15       -3    AUS  MCI      650      5      10
    ## 1879     148      -20       -7    AUS  IAD     1297      6      11
    ## 1880      49       -4       -1    AUS  MAF      294      2      11
    ## 1881      66      -30       -8    MSY  AUS      445      5      10
    ## 1882      68        0        5    ELP  AUS      528      4       8
    ## 1883     112       -1       -1    DEN  AUS      775      4      10
    ## 1884     106       33       48    PHX  AUS      872      3       6
    ## 1885      39       16       12    AUS  DAL      189      3      17
    ## 1886     186       -1        0    AUS  ONT     1197      5       9
    ## 1887     103       -8       -7    AUS  STL      722      6      10
    ## 1888      81      -12       -5    AUS  ELP      528      4       8
    ## 1889     183      -34      -12    AUS  EWR     1504      6      14
    ## 1890      36        1        1    AUS  HOU      148      5       9
    ## 1891      35       -7       -2    DAL  AUS      189      4       6
    ## 1892      36      -15      -10    AUS  DAL      189      2      12
    ## 1893     189      -25      -10    AUS  JFK     1522      9      10
    ## 1894     100       17       18    AUS  ATL      813     13      13
    ## 1895      42       24       26    AUS  DFW      190      7      14
    ## 1896      34       -9       -2    DFW  AUS      190      5      14
    ## 1897     213      -70        0    JFK  AUS     1522     10      27
    ## 1898     125       65       80    ATL  AUS      813      5      14
    ## 1899     166      -11        2    SJC  AUS     1476     10      11
    ## 1900      54       -7       -2    AUS  LBB      341      3       8
    ## 1901     134      -10       -6    SNA  AUS     1209      6      16
    ## 1902      36      -15       -5    DAL  AUS      189      2       7
    ## 1903      36      -10        1    AUS  DAL      189      3       5
    ## 1904     140        7        1    AUS  MDW      972      6      10
    ## 1905     109       -2        6    AUS  DEN      775      8      12
    ## 1906     160       -3        2    AUS  SLC     1085     11      14
    ## 1907      48       13       20    LBB  AUS      341      3       7
    ## 1908      35       -2        0    DFW  AUS      190     12      11
    ## 1909      37       -5       -4    AUS  DFW      190     14       8
    ## 1910     135        0       -7    AUS  PHX      872     18      11
    ## 1911     227       16       -3    AUS  SJC     1476      6      11
    ## 1912      37        2      -11    AUS  IAH      140     24      11
    ## 1913      37       -9        0    AUS  DAL      189      3       6
    ## 1914     128       -8       -4    ATL  AUS      813      9      10
    ## 1915     185        3       -5    AUS  LAX     1242      4      14
    ## 1916      35        7       -4    DFW  AUS      190      5      31
    ## 1917      29       25       29    IAH  AUS      140      5      17
    ## 1918     114       -9       -7    AUS  JAX      954      5       8
    ## 1919      31       -3        0    HOU  AUS      148      5       6
    ## 1920      36      -17       -8    AUS  DAL      189      3       7
    ## 1921      76       -2        2    ABQ  AUS      619      7      17
    ## 1922      36      -10       -8    AUS  DFW      190     10      12
    ## 1923     174        0       14    RDU  AUS     1162      6      11
    ## 1924      96      -14      -10    TUS  AUS      797      7      10
    ## 1925      41       41       46    MAF  AUS      294      3       6
    ## 1926      32        6        7    AUS  HOU      148      5       7
    ## 1927      88      -13       -2    AUS  BNA      756      4      12
    ## 1928     124      188      199    AUS  ORD      978      6      19
    ## 1929     231       -2       -9    EWR  AUS     1504      6      40
    ## 1930      35      -12       -7    DAL  AUS      189      3       7
    ## 1931     141        2       19    LAX  AUS     1242      3      13
    ## 1932      36       -6       -7    DFW  AUS      190      6      19
    ## 1933      34      -11       -6    DAL  AUS      189      4       7
    ## 1934      30        5       -1    IAH  AUS      140      5      28
    ## 1935      35       83       87    DAL  AUS      189      3       8
    ## 1936      95        3       16    DEN  AUS      775      3      13
    ## 1937     122      131      135    AUS  ORD      978      5      28
    ## 1938      78      237      229    TUL  AUS      426      6      12
    ## 1939     134       -8       -5    AUS  PHX      872      9       9
    ## 1940     168      172      131    ORD  AUS      978      6      37
    ## 1941     122       -8       -3    BNA  AUS      756      4       9
    ## 1942      37       -5       -1    AUS  DFW      190     11       8
    ## 1943     151       11       -5    ORD  AUS      978      5      31
    ## 1944     108       -2        1    PHX  AUS      872      8      20
    ## 1945     106        0        9    AUS  DEN      775      5      12
    ## 1946     163       64       53    MDW  AUS      972      4       9
    ## 1947      39       29       33    AUS  DAL      189      4       8
    ## 1948     127      -11        3    LAS  AUS     1090      4      10
    ## 1949      31       -5       -3    AUS  HOU      148      4       8
    ## 1950      82       42       40    AUS  ELP      528      6       9
    ## 1951     107        7       13    PHX  AUS      872      5       7
    ## 1952      34       21       26    DAL  AUS      189      5       6
    ## 1953      35      -10       -5    AUS  DAL      189      4       6
    ## 1954     165       67       77    AUS  LAS     1090      4       6
    ## 1955      38      -14       -5    AUS  DAL      189      2       6
    ## 1956      99        3        3    DEN  AUS      775      7      15
    ## 1957     150       -1        0    CVG  AUS      958      8      17
    ## 1958      66        7       11    ELP  AUS      528      4      11
    ## 1959     189      172      193    IAD  AUS     1297      3      12
    ## 1960      88       98      106    MEM  AUS      559     13      11
    ## 1961     226       16       16    JFK  AUS     1522      5      23
    ## 1962     131      198      212    AUS  ORD      978      9       6
    ## 1963      36       19       20    DFW  AUS      190      9      14
    ## 1964      32        6       -2    IAH  AUS      140      5      28
    ## 1965     126       16        0    ATL  AUS      813     10      36
    ## 1966     125      112      106    SLC  AUS     1085      7      37
    ## 1967      34      -14       -2    DFW  AUS      190      3      11
    ## 1968     135      228      230    ONT  AUS     1197      7      18
    ## 1969      95      206      221    AUS  ABQ      619      5      12
    ## 1970      34       75       75    HOU  AUS      148      5       6
    ## 1971      35       -2       -2    DFW  AUS      190      5      15
    ## 1972      30       -3       -4    IAH  AUS      140      6      16
    ## 1973     162      152      122    ORD  AUS      978      6      27
    ## 1974      36       -1       -6    AUS  IAH      140      8      16
    ## 1975     132        7        0    AUS  PHX      872     12      15
    ## 1976     120      -14       -7    AUS  ORD      978     17      11
    ## 1977      35      -11       -6    AUS  DFW      190      8      12
    ## 1978     104       -8       -2    AUS  ATL      813     12       7
    ## 1979      37       13       18    DAL  AUS      189      3      10
    ## 1980      84       -1       -1    AUS  MEM      559      8      13
    ## 1981      49       -4       -1    AUS  MAF      294      5       8
    ## 1982     112       -8       -6    AUS  DEN      775     10      11
    ## 1983     198        9       -6    AUS  EWR     1504      9      16
    ## 1984     134      -14       -7    AUS  ORD      978      6      12
    ## 1985      35      -10       -2    AUS  DAL      189      4       8
    ## 1986      35        2        0    AUS  HOU      148      4       8
    ## 1987      74       -2       -3    ELP  AUS      528      5       7
    ## 1988     223       14       -4    AUS  SJC     1476      4      16
    ## 1989      30       -5        1    HOU  AUS      148      3       6
    ## 1990      35       -7       -5    DAL  AUS      189      4       9
    ## 1991     139       -2       -1    AUS  PHX      872      5      10
    ## 1992      48       -8       -5    LBB  AUS      341      5       9
    ## 1993     172      -20       -8    AUS  ONT     1197      3      14
    ## 1994     184      -24       -8    AUS  JFK     1522      2      11
    ## 1995     108       11       -8    MCI  AUS      650      6      22
    ## 1996     129       -5       -2    AUS  MDW      972      3      15
    ## 1997      92       -7        1    AUS  BNA      756      5      10
    ## 1998      41       21       12    AUS  IAH      140     10      14
    ## 1999      36       -4       -1    AUS  DFW      190      9      12
    ## 2000      59      -11      -10    AUS  MSY      445      4      13
    ## 2001      38       -4        1    AUS  DAL      189      4      13
    ## 2002      36       -4       -6    AUS  IAH      140     11      14
    ## 2003      32        2       -6    IAH  AUS      140      7      21
    ## 2004     109       20       -4    AUS  ATL      813     29      10
    ## 2005     100      -22      -10    DEN  AUS      775      7       8
    ## 2006     125      -16      -10    AUS  TUS      797      6      14
    ## 2007      84       -7       -3    AUS  ELP      528      3       9
    ## 2008     150       36       32    LAX  AUS     1242      4      25
    ## 2009      39      -12       -5    MAF  AUS      294      9       5
    ## 2010      56       -7       -3    AUS  LBB      341      2       8
    ## 2011      37       -4       -3    AUS  DFW      190     10      12
    ## 2012      36        1        0    DAL  AUS      189      5      10
    ## 2013     152       -7       -4    MDW  AUS      972      3       7
    ## 2014     230        8       -2    AUS  SFO     1504      6      10
    ## 2015      47        3       -8    DAL  AUS      189      4      15
    ## 2016     163      -10       -3    AUS  SLC     1085      8      12
    ## 2017      38      -10       -2    AUS  DAL      189      2       7
    ## 2018      47        9        3    DFW  AUS      190      4      15
    ## 2019     125       -7       -7    AUS  DEN      775      6      11
    ## 2020     136      -14       -5    SAN  AUS     1164      3      12
    ## 2021     124       -9       -3    BNA  AUS      756      4       6
    ## 2022      33        6        7    HOU  AUS      148      5       6
    ## 2023      75      -16       -7    MSY  AUS      445      6      13
    ## 2024     221       23       21    JFK  AUS     1522      4      44
    ## 2025     162       27        3    ORD  AUS      978      5      22
    ## 2026      35        0       -1    AUS  HOU      148      4       7
    ## 2027     132      -14       -4    ATL  AUS      813      5      12
    ## 2028      29       -4       -1    IAH  AUS      140      6      17
    ## 2029      28      -27      -10    AUS  IAH      140      4       8
    ## 2030      37       -9       -4    AUS  DFW      190      9       9
    ## 2031     114       -1        2    AUS  ATL      813      5       4
    ## 2032     137       -2        1    AUS  PHX      872     15       7
    ## 2033      38        6        1    DAL  AUS      189      2      15
    ## 2034     250       -9       -9    BOS  AUS     1698     21      14
    ## 2035     171       41       48    AUS  SNA     1209      4       8
    ## 2036     134       -6       -7    LAS  AUS     1090      6      21
    ## 2037     183        4       -4    AUS  LAX     1242     10      15
    ## 2038     114       10       10    PHX  AUS      872      3      13
    ## 2039      36      -11       -4    AUS  DFW      190      6      11
    ## 2040      37      -10       -1    AUS  DAL      189      3       6
    ## 2041     146        6        9    ONT  AUS     1197      5       8
    ## 2042     170        7        2    AUS  LAS     1090      6       9
    ## 2043     223        0       -7    EWR  AUS     1504      4      45
    ## 2044     194       12       -4    CLE  AUS     1174      4      12
    ## 2045     174       -5        3    SJC  AUS     1476      4      14
    ## 2046     149        7       10    CVG  AUS      958      4      14
    ## 2047     103       15       10    MCI  AUS      650      9       8
    ## 2048      43        0       -2    AUS  DAL      189      3      11
    ## 2049     174       -1        4    AUS  SAN     1164      2       9
    ## 2050      42        2       -5    DFW  AUS      190      6      19
    ## 2051      91      -10       -3    MEM  AUS      559      3      19
    ## 2052     158       -9        0    AUS  BWI     1342      5       8
    ## 2053      98       -1        2    AUS  ABQ      619      5      21
    ## 2054     194      -12       14    BWI  AUS     1342      4      11
    ## 2055     136       -8        3    TPA  AUS      928      4      14
    ## 2056      35        4        5    AUS  DFW      190     12      12
    ## 2057     137        4        2    AUS  PHX      872      8      12
    ## 2058      30       -2       -2    HOU  AUS      148      4      11
    ## 2059     142       -4        4    ORD  AUS      978      2      18
    ## 2060      38       -8      -11    DAL  AUS      189      3      12
    ## 2061     143        6       -5    AUS  ORD      978      5      13
    ## 2062      35       11        6    DAL  AUS      189      4      16
    ## 2063     119       -2        1    ATL  AUS      813      3      36
    ## 2064     150        0        7    LAX  AUS     1242      4       9
    ## 2065      86       -6       -6    AUS  MCI      650      7      18
    ## 2066     102       -9        0    AUS  ATL      813      7      10
    ## 2067     112      -13       -5    PHX  AUS      872      3      18
    ## 2068      38      -12       -2    DFW  AUS      190      3       9
    ## 2069      36       -5       -3    AUS  DFW      190     16      11
    ## 2070     180       -7       -7    SFO  AUS     1504      7      17
    ## 2071      94        1        0    AUS  BNA      756      4      13
    ## 2072      36       -6        2    AUS  DAL      189      2       9
    ## 2073     132        2       -5    AUS  CVG      958      2      13
    ## 2074      82       11       -7    ABQ  AUS      619      6      34
    ## 2075     105      -18        0    PHX  AUS      872      3       9
    ## 2076     117       -5       -5    AUS  DEN      775      7      10
    ## 2077      37        8        6    AUS  HOU      148      4       6
    ## 2078     185        5        2    AUS  LAX     1242      6      12
    ## 2079      38      -11       -8    AUS  DAL      189      2      12
    ## 2080      67      -11       -3    ELP  AUS      528      4       6
    ## 2081     167        7        4    AUS  LAS     1090      7       9
    ## 2082      42       -6       -6    DFW  AUS      190      3      15
    ## 2083     199      -10      -10    AUS  EWR     1504     11      20
    ## 2084     201       25       15    AUS  JFK     1522     12      15
    ## 2085      87       -2        5    AUS  MCI      650      4      12
    ## 2086      34        1        4    DAL  AUS      189      3      10
    ## 2087     153      -12       -4    AUS  IAD     1297      9      14
    ## 2088     178      -16       -3    AUS  LAX     1242      6       8
    ## 2089     123       58       19    AUS  ORD      978      5      66
    ## 2090      89        6       -3    AUS  MEM      559     10      15
    ## 2091     177       31        5    AUS  CLE     1174      6       8
    ## 2092     145        2       -1    JAX  AUS      954     24      14
    ## 2093      97       -8       -1    AUS  ATL      813     10      11
    ## 2094     142      -15       -3    AUS  RDU     1162      3       8
    ## 2095     187       -8       12    AUS  JFK     1522      3      12
    ## 2096      39       15       10    AUS  DAL      189      4      12
    ## 2097     174        1        5    SJC  AUS     1476      4      18
    ## 2098      37      -11      -11    AUS  IAH      140     10      10
    ## 2099     161       21        0    ORD  AUS      978      4      21
    ## 2100     129      -16       -7    LAS  AUS     1090      3      19
    ## 2101      41       -6       -2    DFW  AUS      190      5      10
    ## 2102      81       -5        0    AUS  ELP      528      5       9
    ## 2103      39      -12       -5    DAL  AUS      189      2       7
    ## 2104      49       -1       -1    AUS  HRL      273      4       7
    ## 2105      34       22       25    AUS  DFW      190     12      11
    ## 2106     150      -12        3    MCO  AUS      993      4      11
    ## 2107     214        1      -10    AUS  BOS     1698      6      20
    ## 2108      39        5       -4    AUS  IAH      140      9      18
    ## 2109     121       -8        1    AUS  MCO      993      5      10
    ## 2110      35      -10       -4    AUS  DFW      190      8      11
    ## 2111      36       -6       -4    DAL  AUS      189      4       8
    ## 2112     228       -4       -5    JFK  AUS     1522      3      21
    ## 2113      29       -2        2    HOU  AUS      148      4       8
    ## 2114      30       -3       -3    IAH  AUS      140      4      19
    ## 2115     105        2       -2    MEM  AUS      559      4      10
    ## 2116     149       22       32    LAX  AUS     1242      6      15
    ## 2117     124       19       27    ATL  AUS      813      4      16
    ## 2118     133        1        1    SLC  AUS     1085      5      25
    ## 2119      97      -19       -1    DEN  AUS      775      5       8
    ## 2120      99       -8        0    DEN  AUS      775      4       9
    ## 2121      41        0        0    DFW  AUS      190      4      15
    ## 2122      40        3       -2    AUS  DAL      189      3      12
    ## 2123     101        0       -2    MCI  AUS      650     10       6
    ## 2124      37      -10       -5    AUS  DAL      189      3      10
    ## 2125      36       13        3    DAL  AUS      189      4      20
    ## 2126     157       14        0    ORD  AUS      978      3      19
    ## 2127     119       -3       -5    STL  AUS      722      6      12
    ## 2128      54        2        6    AUS  OKC      358      4      13
    ## 2129      37       -9       -3    AUS  DFW      190      7      10
    ## 2130     125       13       23    BNA  AUS      756      3       7
    ## 2131      47       -6       -1    HRL  AUS      273      3       5
    ## 2132     195      -18        3    BWI  AUS     1342      5       9
    ## 2133      38       -3       -7    DAL  AUS      189      3      18
    ## 2134      57        3       -6    AUS  MSY      445      3      26
    ## 2135     219      -15       -5    EWR  AUS     1504      4      19
    ## 2136     118        3        3    AUS  DEN      775      7      10
    ## 2137      41       26       -1    AUS  HOU      148      3      33
    ## 2138      62       -6       -4    AUS  TUL      426      6      12
    ## 2139      55      -21      -10    OKC  AUS      358      3       8
    ## 2140     129      -12       -2    ATL  AUS      813      5      10
    ## 2141      36       -3       -3    AUS  DAL      189      9      10
    ## 2142      26       16        4    IAH  AUS      140      4      36
    ## 2143     157       36       45    AUS  BWI     1342      5       9
    ## 2144     225       10       -5    AUS  SJC     1476      5      10
    ## 2145      39       -2       -9    AUS  IAH      140      9      19
    ## 2146     107      103      119    PHX  AUS      872      6      10
    ## 2147      37       -6       -3    DAL  AUS      189      4       6
    ## 2148     128       -9       -1    AUS  PHX      872     11      10
    ## 2149     165      -14       -4    AUS  SAN     1164      3      12
    ## 2150      39        7        7    DFW  AUS      190      5      16
    ## 2151     135        3        0    AUS  CVG      958      1      19
    ## 2152     140       -6        4    SAN  AUS     1164      3       7
    ## 2153     127        1       11    AUS  PHX      872      6      12
    ## 2154     114       -4       -2    AUS  TPA      928      5      14
    ## 2155      34        3       10    AUS  DFW      190      8      11
    ## 2156     103       17       17    AUS  ATL      813     11      15
    ## 2157      70      -21      -15    TUL  AUS      426      4       8
    ## 2158      35       -7        0    AUS  DAL      189      2      11
    ## 2159      36       -4       -3    AUS  DAL      189      4      14
    ## 2160      29       26        3    IAH  AUS      140      7      42
    ## 2161      27        3        4    HOU  AUS      148      4      13
    ## 2162     107       -2       -4    DEN  AUS      775      6      11
    ## 2163      37      -13       -8    DAL  AUS      189      3      10
    ## 2164      87        9       -6    AUS  MEM      559     14      20
    ## 2165     112       -3        6    PHX  AUS      872      3       6
    ## 2166     121      -19        2    ATL  AUS      813      3      14
    ## 2167     111        0        0    PHX  AUS      872      6      15
    ## 2168      91       -5       -5    AUS  MCI      650     10       9
    ## 2169      38       -3       -4    DFW  AUS      190      5      18
    ## 2170      39       38       10    AUS  IAH      140     20      29
    ## 2171     144      -28       -9    AUS  IAD     1297      6       9
    ## 2172      70       -3       -4    ELP  AUS      528      4      12
    ## 2173      45       -9       -2    AUS  MAF      294      4       9
    ## 2174      37       12       15    DAL  AUS      189      3       7
    ## 2175      70      -25      -10    MSY  AUS      445      5      13
    ## 2176     106       -6       -4    DEN  AUS      775      5      13
    ## 2177     175      -24       -9    AUS  ONT     1197      3       8
    ## 2178      36        5        9    AUS  DAL      189      2      13
    ## 2179      34        2       -7    AUS  HOU      148      3      22
    ## 2180      96      -11       -3    AUS  STL      722      3      13
    ## 2181      78       -7        4    AUS  ELP      528      2       9
    ## 2182      36        6       15    AUS  DFW      190     10      10
    ## 2183      98       16       14    AUS  ATL      813     17      14
    ## 2184      37       -9       -7    AUS  DAL      189      4      12
    ## 2185     185      -29       -7    AUS  JFK     1522      3      13
    ## 2186     115      -13       -9    AUS  DEN      775      5      13
    ## 2187      40       -4       -4    DFW  AUS      190      4      16
    ## 2188     175      -13       -4    SJC  AUS     1476      7       9
    ## 2189      38       10       13    DAL  AUS      189      3       6
    ## 2190     122      -17       -5    AUS  MDW      972      5      11
    ## 2191     140      -16       -7    ONT  AUS     1197      4       9
    ## 2192      50       -9       -1    AUS  LBB      341      3       9
    ## 2193     191      -14       -5    IAD  AUS     1297      3      22
    ## 2194      35       -8        1    AUS  DAL      189      3       8
    ## 2195      35       -7       -4    DAL  AUS      189     12       5
    ## 2196     140      -12       -3    SNA  AUS     1209      3       8
    ## 2197      92      -19      -10    AUS  ABQ      619     17       9
    ## 2198     207      -55       10    JFK  AUS     1522      5      43
    ## 2199      35       -8       -6    AUS  DFW      190     10      13
    ## 2200      37       -6       -1    DFW  AUS      190      4      14
    ## 2201      38        1        1    DAL  AUS      189      4       8
    ## 2202      30        7       -3    IAH  AUS      140      4      31
    ## 2203     218        8       -6    AUS  SJC     1476      5      16
    ## 2204     129      164      141    AUS  ORD      978      9      45
    ## 2205      34       -6       -6    AUS  IAH      140     11      14
    ## 2206      53       46       46    LBB  AUS      341      3       9
    ## 2207     142       50       54    ORD  AUS      978      5      19
    ## 2208     128       -9       -6    ATL  AUS      813      6      14
    ## 2209      35        2        6    AUS  DAL      189      4      12
    ## 2210      81      -14      -10    ABQ  AUS      619      6      13
    ## 2211     113       -9       -9    AUS  JAX      954      6      10
    ## 2212      48       21       16    MAF  AUS      294      4       8
    ## 2213     124       75       84    AUS  PHX      872     14      10
    ## 2214      30       -3        1    HOU  AUS      148      4       7
    ## 2215      38        6        9    DFW  AUS      190      4      15
    ## 2216      34      -14       -5    AUS  DAL      189      3       9
    ## 2217     180        0        5    RDU  AUS     1162      4      16
    ## 2218     149        3       -5    LAX  AUS     1242      5      28
    ## 2219     137      -22       -4    MDW  AUS      972      4       6
    ## 2220     174       21       25    AUS  LAX     1242      4      13
    ## 2221      35      -12       -5    AUS  DFW      190      7      11
    ## 2222      96       -8        0    MEM  AUS      559      3      13
    ## 2223      92       -1       -2    AUS  BNA      756     11      13
    ## 2224     160       -8       -1    AUS  LAS     1090      6      12
    ## 2225      37       -6       -5    DAL  AUS      189      4       8
    ## 2226      31       25       -1    IAH  AUS      140      6      46
    ## 2227      99       11       11    TUS  AUS      797      6      12
    ## 2228      40       -6       -3    DFW  AUS      190      3      14
    ## 2229      34       -8       -2    AUS  DAL      189      6       9
    ## 2230     118       -5      -10    AUS  DEN      775      7      12
    ## 2231      37       -5       -8    AUS  DFW      190     15      11
    ## 2232      30       37       39    AUS  HOU      148      4       9
    ## 2233     128      -10       -5    AUS  PHX      872     10      12
    ## 2234      35       16       18    DAL  AUS      189      4       9
    ## 2235     131       25       -1    BNA  AUS      756      5      30
    ## 2236     135      159      155    AUS  ORD      978      5      23
    ## 2237      76       11       17    AUS  ELP      528      3      10
    ## 2238     145        1       13    ORD  AUS      978      3      11
    ## 2239      97       43       51    DEN  AUS      775      4      15
    ## 2240     108       -4        1    PHX  AUS      872      5       7
    ## 2241     133       -2        4    LAS  AUS     1090      6      10
    ## 2242     107        5       24    PHX  AUS      872      4       9
    ## 2243      27       -9       -1    AUS  HOU      148      2       8
    ## 2244      70       -9       -3    ELP  AUS      528      3       6
    ## 2245     221      -11       -3    JFK  AUS     1522      3      22
    ## 2246      96       -8        0    DEN  AUS      775      5      12
    ## 2247      33        2        0    AUS  DAL      189      5      19
    ## 2248      38       -1        0    DFW  AUS      190      6      15
    ## 2249      31        7       10    AUS  DAL      189      3      13
    ## 2250     161        2        0    CVG  AUS      958      8       9
    ## 2251      27      -10       -3    HOU  AUS      148      3       8
    ## 2252      27       13       -5    IAH  AUS      140      6      42
    ## 2253     119       -1        0    ATL  AUS      813     11      25
    ## 2254      33       74       81    DAL  AUS      189      3       7
    ## 2255      38       -3       -2    DFW  AUS      190      5      16
    ## 2256      37       -4       -3    DFW  AUS      190     10       7
    ## 2257      27       -1        6    IAH  AUS      140      5      12
    ## 2258     132      110      125    ORD  AUS      978      5      13
    ## 2259      NA       NA       NA    AUS  ORD      978     NA      NA
    ## 2260      33        2       -3    AUS  IAH      140     10      17
    ## 2261      32        1       -2    DAL  AUS      189      5      21
    ## 2262     128       -9        0    AUS  PHX      872      5      10
    ## 2263     141       -6       -5    AUS  ORD      978      4       9
    ## 2264      41       -3       -3    AUS  DFW      190      9      10
    ## 2265     113       -1       -2    AUS  ATL      813     10       7
    ## 2266      82       -4       -5    AUS  MEM      559      8      16
    ## 2267      48      -12       -6    AUS  MAF      294      3       8
    ## 2268     109      -12       -8    AUS  DEN      775      8      14
    ## 2269     141        8        2    AUS  CVG      958      3      14
    ## 2270     194        2       -6    AUS  EWR     1504      5      17
    ## 2271      30       -7       -4    AUS  HOU      148      4       8
    ## 2272      38       -5       -1    AUS  DAL      189      5       8
    ## 2273     137       -7       -3    AUS  ORD      978      8      10
    ## 2274      27       -9       -4    HOU  AUS      148      5       8
    ## 2275      68       -6       -1    ELP  AUS      528      5       7
    ## 2276     208      -12       -5    AUS  SJC     1476      3       7
    ## 2277      34       -6       -8    AUS  IAH      140      6      18
    ## 2278     132      -12       -3    AUS  PHX      872      5       9
    ## 2279     152       -2       -2    LAX  AUS     1242      4      19
    ## 2280      32       11        0    DAL  AUS      189      6      23
    ## 2281     188      -12       -9    AUS  JFK     1522      9      13
    ## 2282      90      -14       -8    MCI  AUS      650      5      16
    ## 2283      49       -7       -2    LBB  AUS      341      3       8
    ## 2284     134       -7       -4    AUS  MDW      972      4       9
    ## 2285     100       -2        0    AUS  BNA      756      5       8
    ## 2286      39        0       -4    AUS  DFW      190     14      11
    ## 2287      39      -12       -2    AUS  DAL      189      2       9
    ## 2288     167      -11        5    AUS  ONT     1197      5      13
    ## 2289      59      -10       -9    AUS  MSY      445      8       9
    ## 2290      29        0       -5    IAH  AUS      140      7      21
    ## 2291      37        4       -4    AUS  IAH      140      9      21
    ## 2292     105       -9       -6    AUS  ATL      813      6      10
    ## 2293      78      -13       -1    AUS  ELP      528      3       7
    ## 2294     129       -3       -5    AUS  TUS      797      4      20
    ## 2295     107       -5       -2    DEN  AUS      775      6      11
    ## 2296      44       -9       -3    MAF  AUS      294      4       6
    ## 2297      51      -15       -7    AUS  LBB      341      2       9
    ## 2298     217      -17      -12    AUS  SFO     1504      4      10
    ## 2299      41       -6       -5    AUS  DFW      190      6      12
    ## 2300      32       -4        0    DAL  AUS      189      5       9
    ## 2301     133      -17       -1    MDW  AUS      972      4      12
    ## 2302      31      -22      -12    DAL  AUS      189      4      10
    ## 2303     175       -2       -3    AUS  SNA     1209      6      10
    ## 2304      32      -13       -8    DFW  AUS      190      5      18
    ## 2305     166      -10       -4    AUS  SLC     1085      7      11
    ## 2306     119       -5       -8    AUS  DEN      775      5      21
    ## 2307     112      -19       -6    BNA  AUS      756      6       9
    ## 2308     136      -15       -4    SAN  AUS     1164      5       8
    ## 2309      39        0        6    AUS  DAL      189      3       7
    ## 2310     137      -16       -3    ORD  AUS      978      3      12
    ## 2311     232       32       19    JFK  AUS     1522      3      45
    ## 2312      68      -22       -4    MSY  AUS      445      5      12
    ## 2313      32       -8       -7    AUS  HOU      148      3       9
    ## 2314      28      -15       -6    IAH  AUS      140      5      13
    ## 2315     116        2       -5    AUS  ATL      813     10       7
    ## 2316     132       -1       -6    AUS  PHX      872     19      16
    ## 2317     120      -24       -1    ATL  AUS      813      4      12
    ## 2318      36       -1       -4    AUS  DFW      190     12      15
    ## 2319      31       -9        0    DAL  AUS      189      3       7
    ## 2320      28       36       38    HOU  AUS      148      5      10
    ## 2321     177       -5       -3    AUS  LAX     1242      5      16
    ## 2322     141       -7       -3    ONT  AUS     1197      6      11
    ## 2323     135       -9        0    LAS  AUS     1090      5      11
    ## 2324     257       -1        2    BOS  AUS     1698      7      18
    ## 2325     107        2       15    PHX  AUS      872      3       7
    ## 2326     162       -2       -2    AUS  LAS     1090      7      11
    ## 2327      44        1       -2    AUS  DFW      190      9      10
    ## 2328      42       -6       -1    AUS  DAL      189      2       6
    ## 2329     173      -16       -2    SJC  AUS     1476      3      10
    ## 2330     139      -10        0    CVG  AUS      958      5      16
    ## 2331     166      -10       -4    CLE  AUS     1174      5      17
    ## 2332      92       -5        1    MCI  AUS      650      4      13
    ## 2333     225       -8       -1    EWR  AUS     1504      5      28
    ## 2334      39      -12       -7    AUS  DAL      189      1      10
    ## 2335      98      -18       -7    AUS  ABQ      619      6      12
    ## 2336      32      -18       -7    DFW  AUS      190      4      13
    ## 2337     203      -10        5    BWI  AUS     1342      6      11
    ## 2338     167       -4       -3    AUS  BWI     1342      4       8
    ## 2339      85        3       -1    MEM  AUS      559      3      36
    ## 2340     135      -16       -3    TPA  AUS      928      4      13
    ## 2341      39        4       -5    AUS  DFW      190     19      11
    ## 2342     171       20       30    AUS  SAN     1164      2       7
    ## 2343     140      -18       -6    ORD  AUS      978      3      15
    ## 2344     130      -11       -2    AUS  PHX      872      8       8
    ## 2345      32       -6       -1    DAL  AUS      189      4       9
    ## 2346     132       -9      -10    AUS  ORD      978      8      11
    ## 2347      37       -5      -11    AUS  IAH      140     10      16
    ## 2348      32      -11       -7    DAL  AUS      189      6       8
    ## 2349     150       -3        0    LAX  AUS     1242      4      13
    ## 2350      91      -12       -6    AUS  MCI      650      4      10
    ## 2351     116        2       24    ATL  AUS      813      5      18
    ## 2352     108       -3        0    AUS  ATL      813      9       8
    ## 2353      30      -16       -1    DFW  AUS      190      4      11
    ## 2354      36      -14       -6    AUS  DFW      190     10      11
    ## 2355     108        0        4    PHX  AUS      872      6      23
    ## 2356      95       -5       -2    AUS  BNA      756      5       7
    ## 2357      38       -7        0    AUS  DAL      189      3       7
    ## 2358      83      -18       -8    ABQ  AUS      619      4       7
    ## 2359     175      -14      -12    AUS  LAX     1242     10      13
    ## 2360     109      -12       -1    PHX  AUS      872      4      11
    ## 2361     109      -14       -8    AUS  DEN      775     11       8
    ## 2362     192      -13       -5    AUS  JFK     1522      5      13
    ## 2363     129       25       10    AUS  CVG      958      3      23
    ## 2364      27       66       72    HOU  AUS      148      5       7
    ## 2365      64       -8       -4    ELP  AUS      528      5      12
    ## 2366     164       -2       -1    AUS  LAS     1090      6       9
    ## 2367      94       -9      -10    AUS  MCI      650      4      13
    ## 2368      41       -5       -5    AUS  DAL      189      6       8
    ## 2369      35      -14       -5    DFW  AUS      190      4      12
    ## 2370      33      -12       -5    DAL  AUS      189      4       6
    ## 2371     129       -6       -6    AUS  ORD      978     16      10
    ## 2372     170        1       -5    AUS  IAD     1297     10      10
    ## 2373     170       35       53    SFO  AUS     1504      4      12
    ## 2374     146      -10      -10    AUS  CLE     1174      6      13
    ## 2375      78      -18       -5    AUS  MEM      559      6       8
    ## 2376      31       53       59    AUS  HOU      148      2       6
    ## 2377     175       -6       10    AUS  LAX     1242      5       9
    ## 2378     139      -26       -4    JAX  AUS      954      7      12
    ## 2379      37        3        0    AUS  DAL      189      1      15
    ## 2380     176      -12       -4    SJC  AUS     1476      4      12
    ## 2381     141      -13       -2    AUS  RDU     1162      3      10
    ## 2382     110        6        3    AUS  ATL      813     10       8
    ## 2383     192        4       18    AUS  JFK     1522      4      12
    ## 2384      39        4       -1    AUS  DFW      190     15      11
    ## 2385     143        0       -3    ORD  AUS      978      4      21
    ## 2386      38       -7       -9    AUS  IAH      140      8      13
    ## 2387      78       -8       -1    AUS  ELP      528      7       8
    ## 2388      33      -13       -5    DAL  AUS      189      3      11
    ## 2389      34        0        8    DFW  AUS      190      5      13
    ## 2390     128       -3        4    LAS  AUS     1090      5      20
    ## 2391      47       -2        0    AUS  HRL      273      3       8
    ## 2392     197       90       80    AUS  EWR     1504     10      33
    ## 2393     145      -15       -3    LAX  AUS     1242      5      18
    ## 2394     152      -13        3    MCO  AUS      993      4       8
    ## 2395     147      -18       -2    CVG  AUS      958      8       7
    ## 2396      37       -6       -2    AUS  IAH      140      6      10
    ## 2397     107      -16       -1    PHX  AUS      872      4      13
    ## 2398     119      -14       -2    AUS  MCO      993      6       8
    ## 2399      38       -7       -5    AUS  DFW      190     11       9
    ## 2400     113      -15        6    ATL  AUS      813      6      12
    ## 2401     197       -9        8    AUS  BOS     1698      3      12
    ## 2402      32       -8       -2    DAL  AUS      189      5       7
    ## 2403      29       -4       -1    HOU  AUS      148      5       8
    ## 2404     219      -20       -4    JFK  AUS     1522      3      13
    ## 2405      86      -12       -3    MEM  AUS      559      5      15
    ## 2406      28       -3       -1    IAH  AUS      140      5      18
    ## 2407      31      -16       -5    DFW  AUS      190      4      14
    ## 2408     106       21       -2    DEN  AUS      775      4      41
    ## 2409      95      -11       -9    MCI  AUS      650      5      13
    ## 2410     102       17        7    DEN  AUS      775      3      25
    ## 2411      38       -4       -2    AUS  DAL      189      3       7
    ## 2412      55       -8       -6    AUS  OKC      358      4      14
    ## 2413     132       16       19    SLC  AUS     1085      6      22
    ## 2414     145      -11       -3    ORD  AUS      978      3       9
    ## 2415      33        4        7    DAL  AUS      189      5       9
    ## 2416     111      -12       -2    STL  AUS      722      4      10
    ## 2417      NA       NA       20    BNA  AUS      756     NA       8
    ## 2418      48       -8       -5    HRL  AUS      273      4       5
    ## 2419      40       -2       -4    AUS  DFW      190     11      11
    ## 2420     159      -12       -2    AUS  BWI     1342      5       6
    ## 2421      33      -21      -10    DAL  AUS      189      3       8
    ## 2422      60      -13       -5    AUS  MSY      445      3       6
    ## 2423     107       -8        1    AUS  DEN      775      7      12
    ## 2424     190       -7       16    BWI  AUS     1342      4      13
    ## 2425      60      -17       -8    AUS  TUL      426      4       9
    ## 2426      26       -5        0    IAH  AUS      140      4      19
    ## 2427     120      -13        0    ATL  AUS      813      5      16
    ## 2428      41       47       44    AUS  DAL      189      4      13
    ## 2429      54       -7       -5    OKC  AUS      358      5      16
    ## 2430      40       -3        1    AUS  DAL      189      5       6
    ## 2431     215       16       18    EWR  AUS     1504      4      31
    ## 2432     216        5        0    AUS  SJC     1476      3      11
    ## 2433      30      -22       -9    AUS  IAH      140      6      11
    ## 2434     137       -8       -4    AUS  PHX      872      8       8
    ## 2435     109        3       -4    AUS  ATL      813     15      12
    ## 2436      33      -14       -4    DFW  AUS      190      4      13
    ## 2437      35        0        0    DAL  AUS      189      5      10
    ## 2438     137        0        2    AUS  PHX      872      6      10
    ## 2439     168      -15       -5    AUS  SAN     1164      2      10
    ## 2440      41        5        0    AUS  DFW      190     13      11
    ## 2441     131      -11        0    AUS  CVG      958      1       9
    ## 2442     113      -13       -2    AUS  TPA      928      3       8
    ## 2443      35       50       55    AUS  HOU      148      3       7
    ## 2444      40      -11       -5    AUS  DAL      189      2       7
    ## 2445      70      -10      -10    TUL  AUS      426      7      11
    ## 2446      27       -6        0    IAH  AUS      140      5      17
    ## 2447      40       -2        3    AUS  DAL      189      3       7
    ## 2448      26       -6        0    HOU  AUS      148      3      10
    ## 2449     126        2       -5    AUS  ORD      978     32       9
    ## 2450     106      -10        1    PHX  AUS      872      4       9
    ## 2451      75      -16       -5    AUS  MEM      559     10      10
    ## 2452      34       -4       -5    DAL  AUS      189     11      11
    ## 2453     104       26       10    DEN  AUS      775      5      29
    ## 2454      32      -20       -8    AUS  IAH      140      5      11
    ## 2455      91      -15      -12    AUS  MCI      650      4      12
    ## 2456     114      -20        6    ATL  AUS      813      4      15
    ## 2457      36        0        2    DAL  AUS      189      3       9
    ## 2458      99      -16        0    PHX  AUS      872      4      13
    ## 2459     162       -6      -10    AUS  IAD     1297      7      13
    ## 2460      49       -9       -3    AUS  MAF      294      3       7
    ## 2461      33       -5        3    DFW  AUS      190      4      15
    ## 2462      69      -29       -7    MSY  AUS      445      5       7
    ## 2463      67        2        6    ELP  AUS      528      4      10
    ## 2464     112       36        7    DEN  AUS      775      5      38
    ## 2465     169      -17       -1    AUS  ONT     1197      5      11
    ## 2466      37       10       16    AUS  DAL      189      5       7
    ## 2467      38        4       -3    AUS  DFW      190     25       9
    ## 2468     111       -4       -4    AUS  ATL      813      5      11
    ## 2469      92      -15       -4    AUS  STL      722      5      12
    ## 2470     183      -13       -7    AUS  EWR     1504     13      23
    ## 2471     143      104      109    SAN  AUS     1164      5       7
    ## 2472      83        5       13    AUS  ELP      528      3       6
    ## 2473     189      -25       -9    AUS  JFK     1522      3      15
    ## 2474      27       10       17    AUS  HOU      148      3      13
    ## 2475     127      -13       -5    AUS  ORD      978     16       9
    ## 2476     103      -25       -6    AUS  DEN      775      5      10
    ## 2477      34      -13       -3    DFW  AUS      190      5      11
    ## 2478     140       -8      -11    SNA  AUS     1209      6      17
    ## 2479     224      -42        0    JFK  AUS     1522      5      49
    ## 2480     124       11       12    AUS  ORD      978     23      11
    ## 2481     121      -15       -3    AUS  MDW      972      5      12
    ## 2482     176        2        2    SJC  AUS     1476     10      14
    ## 2483     148       -3       -2    ORD  AUS      978      7      14
    ## 2484      52       -3        1    AUS  LBB      341      3      11
    ## 2485      96      -21      -13    AUS  ABQ      619     12      11
    ## 2486     141       -9       -2    ONT  AUS     1197      5       9
    ## 2487      38       11       14    AUS  DAL      189      3      11
    ## 2488      48       -4        1    LBB  AUS      341      4       8
    ## 2489     185       13        5    IAD  AUS     1297      4      44
    ## 2490      35        3        6    DAL  AUS      189      7      10
    ## 2491      39       12       16    AUS  DAL      189      4       8
    ## 2492      38       24       -2    AUS  DFW      190     37      11
    ## 2493     123      -20      -13    AUS  PHX      872     17      10
    ## 2494      33       -8        5    DFW  AUS      190      5       9
    ## 2495     220        4       -4    AUS  SJC     1476      3      10
    ## 2496     156       14       22    AUS  SLC     1085      5      21
    ## 2497      30        1       -3    AUS  IAH      140     12      21
    ## 2498     121       -9       -6    ATL  AUS      813      8      19
    ## 2499      41        3        5    MAF  AUS      294      4       8
    ## 2500      36       27       28    DAL  AUS      189      4       9
    ## 2501     178        2       -5    AUS  LAX     1242      4      20
    ## 2502      36       -8        1    DFW  AUS      190      5      10
    ## 2503     167      -29       -8    RDU  AUS     1162      5      12
    ## 2504     114       -4       -6    AUS  JAX      954      6      11
    ## 2505      81       -3       -5    ABQ  AUS      619      6      19
    ## 2506      28       43       44    IAH  AUS      140      5      21
    ## 2507      28        9       13    HOU  AUS      148      5       8
    ## 2508     143       -9       -2    MDW  AUS      972      5      10
    ## 2509      32       -6       -3    AUS  HOU      148      3       7
    ## 2510      39      -15       -5    AUS  DFW      190      3       8
    ## 2511      89      -11       -4    MEM  AUS      559      6      18
    ## 2512     146       -4        7    LAX  AUS     1242      4      13
    ## 2513     100      -13       -7    DEN  AUS      775      5      13
    ## 2514      96       -7       -3    TUS  AUS      797      5      12
    ## 2515      93       -4        4    AUS  BNA      756      6       8
    ## 2516      39       -9       -6    AUS  DAL      189      5       8
    ## 2517     129       22      -11    SLC  AUS     1085     24      43
    ## 2518      34      -11       -4    DAL  AUS      189      3       6
    ## 2519      31       22        4    IAH  AUS      140      7      37
    ## 2520      32       -6        0    DFW  AUS      190      6      16
    ## 2521      84        1       -1    AUS  ELP      528      6       7
    ## 2522     168       18       23    AUS  LAS     1090      4       8
    ## 2523      42       -7       -3    AUS  DFW      190      6       8
    ## 2524     122       -5       -3    BNA  AUS      756      6      10
    ## 2525     106      -18       -3    PHX  AUS      872      5      13
    ## 2526     143       -3       -1    ORD  AUS      978      7      19
    ## 2527      36       36       29    DAL  AUS      189     13       8
    ## 2528     134        2        7    AUS  PHX      872      8       8
    ## 2529      36       -4       -2    DAL  AUS      189      5       7
    ## 2530     107       27       26    AUS  DEN      775     11      15
    ## 2531     128       -9        2    LAS  AUS     1090      6      10
    ## 2532     103       -3        7    PHX  AUS      872      6       6
    ## 2533     209       21       61    EWR  AUS     1504      7      14
    ## 2534     227       10       -7    JFK  AUS     1522      5      39
    ## 2535      40       -7       -6    AUS  DAL      189      3       6
    ## 2536      98       13       -1    DEN  AUS      775      5      32
    ## 2537      65       -8        0    ELP  AUS      528      6       6
    ## 2538      34       -9       -1    DFW  AUS      190      4      14
    ## 2539      42      107      105    AUS  DAL      189      3      12
    ## 2540     153        1        5    CVG  AUS      958      5      14
    ## 2541      30       -7       -2    HOU  AUS      148      3       7
    ## 2542      37       18       21    AUS  DAL      189      5      10
    ## 2543      29       -5       -3    IAH  AUS      140      6      20
    ## 2544     148        0       -1    ORD  AUS      978      5      13
    ## 2545      35        2        8    DFW  AUS      190      6      13
    ## 2546     118       29       40    ATL  AUS      813      5      22
    ## 2547      28       93      100    AUS  HOU      148      3       7
    ## 2548      35       -2       -1    DFW  AUS      190      4      15
    ## 2549      28       -4       -5    IAH  AUS      140      7      17
    ## 2550      NA       NA       NA    AUS  DAL      189     NA      NA
    ## 2551      NA       NA       NA    DAL  AUS      189     NA      NA
    ## 2552      36       -3       -3    AUS  IAH      140      6      13
    ## 2553     130       -7        0    AUS  PHX      872      7       8
    ## 2554      36      -13       -4    AUS  DFW      190      6       9
    ## 2555     112      -13       -3    AUS  ORD      978     22      11
    ## 2556     106       -5       -1    AUS  ATL      813      9      10
    ## 2557     104       22       -5    AUS  MEM      559      8      20
    ## 2558      51       -7       -5    AUS  MAF      294      4       8
    ## 2559     125      -21       -5    AUS  CVG      958      1      10
    ## 2560     115       -7       -5    AUS  DEN      775      7      11
    ## 2561     187       -6       -9    AUS  EWR     1504      7      17
    ## 2562     116      -25       -7    AUS  ORD      978     12      13
    ## 2563      27       -8       -2    AUS  HOU      148      4       8
    ## 2564      36       -5       -1    AUS  DAL      189      4      11
    ## 2565      68       -5       -3    ELP  AUS      528      4      11
    ## 2566      30       -3        0    HOU  AUS      148      3       9
    ## 2567     226       13       -3    AUS  SJC     1476      5      10
    ## 2568     152       -9       -4    LAX  AUS     1242      4      14
    ## 2569      36       -7       -3    DAL  AUS      189      3       7
    ## 2570     127      -14        0    AUS  PHX      872      5       9
    ## 2571     101      -10      -10    MCI  AUS      650      4      12
    ## 2572      49       -6       -4    LBB  AUS      341      5       9
    ## 2573     188       -8       -4    AUS  JFK     1522      6      15
    ## 2574     118      -20       -3    AUS  MDW      972      3      12
    ## 2575      96        4        0    AUS  BNA      756     15       8
    ## 2576     174       -3        0    AUS  ONT     1197      5      19
    ## 2577      35       -4       -5    AUS  DFW      190     10      16
    ## 2578      54      -10       -8    AUS  MSY      445      9      12
    ## 2579      50       22       -7    AUS  IAH      140      7      31
    ## 2580      29        3       -5    IAH  AUS      140      4      27
    ## 2581     107        1       -4    AUS  ATL      813      6      16
    ## 2582      97      -19       -9    DEN  AUS      775      5      15
    ## 2583      45       90       34    AUS  IAH      140     17      50
    ## 2584      81       -6        0    AUS  ELP      528      3      10
    ## 2585      45      -11       -4    MAF  AUS      294      3       5
    ## 2586     123        1        5    AUS  TUS      797      5      19
    ## 2587      52      -11       -4    AUS  LBB      341      3       8
    ## 2588     229        6       -7    AUS  SFO     1504      6      14
    ## 2589      37        0       -1    DAL  AUS      189      4      10
    ## 2590     144      -12       -6    MDW  AUS      972      4      11
    ## 2591     244       -8       -6    JFK  AUS     1522      3      18
    ## 2592     166      -17       -5    AUS  SNA     1209      4       8
    ## 2593      39       -9       -7    DFW  AUS      190      3      16
    ## 2594     175        5       -3    AUS  SLC     1085     12      11
    ## 2595      36        3       -2    DAL  AUS      189      4      20
    ## 2596      35       16       21    AUS  DFW      190      5      15
    ## 2597      36      -11       -2    AUS  DAL      189      2       8
    ## 2598     141       -7       -5    SAN  AUS     1164      4      13
    ## 2599      31       -1        1    HOU  AUS      148      3       9
    ## 2600      41       59       -7    AUS  IAH      140     14      68
    ## 2601     133        2       -2    BNA  AUS      756      3       8
    ## 2602     123        4        0    AUS  DEN      775      8      15
    ## 2603     157        8       -3    ORD  AUS      978      5      14
    ## 2604     130      -11       -3    ATL  AUS      813      3      18
    ## 2605      33       21        3    AUS  HOU      148      3      27
    ## 2606      33      -13       -6    AUS  DFW      190     10      10
    ## 2607     110       14        0    AUS  ATL      813     10      20
    ## 2608     128       -2       -4    AUS  PHX      872     23      13
    ## 2609     110       -8       -2    PHX  AUS      872      4      10
    ## 2610      37       -5       -1    DAL  AUS      189      3       6
    ## 2611     255      -15       -8    BOS  AUS     1698      4      19
    ## 2612     173      -19       -6    AUS  LAX     1242      4      10
    ## 2613      52       44       -1    AUS  IAH      140      5      45
    ## 2614      30       26       19    IAH  AUS      140      5      27
    ## 2615     135       -9        1    LAS  AUS     1090      3      12
    ## 2616      75       18       31    MSY  AUS      445      4      11
    ## 2617      37      -13       -5    AUS  DAL      189      3       7
    ## 2618      35      -11       -5    AUS  DFW      190      6      13
    ## 2619     168       -2       -2    AUS  LAS     1090      4       8
    ## 2620     143        6       13    ONT  AUS     1197      4       8
    ## 2621     195       16       -6    CLE  AUS     1174      4      17
    ## 2622     161       19       -1    CVG  AUS      958      4      25
    ## 2623     104       15        0    MCI  AUS      650      3      23
    ## 2624     230        4       -1    EWR  AUS     1504      5      35
    ## 2625     162      -21       -3    AUS  SAN     1164      2       8
    ## 2626     100      -19      -10    AUS  ABQ      619      6      12
    ## 2627      35       -7       -2    AUS  DAL      189      3      12
    ## 2628     212       -3        7    BWI  AUS     1342      4       9
    ## 2629     168        0       -1    AUS  BWI     1342      3      10
    ## 2630     171        8       23    SJC  AUS     1476      3      11
    ## 2631      41        2        5    DFW  AUS      190      3      13
    ## 2632     136      -20       -3    TPA  AUS      928      4       8
    ## 2633      34      -11       -6    AUS  DFW      190     12       9
    ## 2634     144       -1       -2    ORD  AUS      978      4      23
    ## 2635     135       -7        0    AUS  PHX      872      4       9
    ## 2636     121      -11       -8    AUS  ORD      978     16      10
    ## 2637      36        6        3    DAL  AUS      189      4      13
    ## 2638      30       -3        1    HOU  AUS      148      3       8
    ## 2639     134       -3       -4    ATL  AUS      813      2      26
    ## 2640      38        2       -7    DAL  AUS      189      5      16
    ## 2641      40       20       14    AUS  IAH      140     10      13
    ## 2642     147       12       19    LAX  AUS     1242      3      13
    ## 2643      96       80       70    MEM  AUS      559      4      30
    ## 2644      40       -2       -5    DFW  AUS      190      4      19
    ## 2645      27       62       41    IAH  AUS      140      4      47
    ## 2646     113       12       10    AUS  ATL      813      6      11
    ## 2647      93       -4        1    AUS  BNA      756      4       8
    ## 2648      34       -8        2    AUS  DAL      189      3       8
    ## 2649     177      -14       -3    SFO  AUS     1504      4      12
    ## 2650      90       27       27    AUS  MCI      650      4      17
    ## 2651      36        4        9    AUS  DFW      190     11      13
    ## 2652     119       -6        0    AUS  CVG      958      3      12
    ## 2653      85      -11       -5    ABQ  AUS      619      5       8
    ## 2654     175      -11       -6    AUS  LAX     1242      9      11
    ## 2655      30       -3        0    AUS  HOU      148      2      10
    ## 2656     109       -4        1    PHX  AUS      872      4      17
    ## 2657     121       -2       -6    AUS  DEN      775      7      10
    ## 2658     159       -8       -4    AUS  LAS     1090      8       9
    ## 2659      36      -12       -7    AUS  DAL      189      3      11
    ## 2660      72       -4       -2    ELP  AUS      528      3       8
    ## 2661     107       41       39    PHX  AUS      872      4      32
    ## 2662      27       21       16    IAH  AUS      140      5      30
    ## 2663      42        6       -3    DFW  AUS      190      6      21
    ## 2664      88        1        0    AUS  MCI      650      7      16
    ## 2665     218       53       16    AUS  JFK     1522     19      18
    ## 2666      37        0       -1    DAL  AUS      189      5       9
    ## 2667     117      -11        4    AUS  ORD      978     11      12
    ## 2668     150      -15       -1    AUS  IAD     1297      7      13
    ## 2669     170      -17       -1    AUS  LAX     1242      8      11
    ## 2670     185      -33      -10    AUS  JFK     1522      3      11
    ## 2671     148      -31      -10    JAX  AUS      954      4       7
    ## 2672     131      -13        3    AUS  CLE     1174     10       8
    ## 2673      37       -4       -2    AUS  DAL      189      3       8
    ## 2674     102       20       -3    AUS  ATL      813     17      29
    ## 2675     131      -18       -5    AUS  RDU     1162      6      15
    ## 2676     172       -6        6    SJC  AUS     1476      3      13
    ## 2677     176       15       47    AUS  EWR     1504      6      16
    ## 2678      35      -10       -1    AUS  DFW      190      8       8
    ## 2679      43        1       -2    DFW  AUS      190      4      16
    ## 2680      77      -17       -5    AUS  ELP      528      3       8
    ## 2681      57        4       -5    AUS  HRL      273      4       8
    ## 2682     130       -6        5    LAS  AUS     1090      4      15
    ## 2683      40        2        3    DAL  AUS      189      5       9
    ## 2684      30       12       14    AUS  IAH      140     10      15
    ## 2685     151       26       29    ORD  AUS      978      2       9
    ## 2686      69       54       58    AUS  MEM      559     10      22
    ## 2687     154        7       -2    LAX  AUS     1242      8      27
    ## 2688     185      -32       -8    AUS  BOS     1698      4      16
    ## 2689     129       -7       -6    ATL  AUS      813      3      15
    ## 2690     109      -11       -6    PHX  AUS      872      5      20
    ## 2691     123      -10       -4    AUS  MCO      993      5      11
    ## 2692      32        0        2    AUS  IAH      140     10      13
    ## 2693      36       19       -4    AUS  DFW      190      6      41
    ## 2694      39       11        2    DAL  AUS      189      4      16
    ## 2695      29        4       -3    IAH  AUS      140      4      27
    ## 2696     101        6       -1    MEM  AUS      559      6      15
    ## 2697     242        5       -1    JFK  AUS     1522      2      13
    ## 2698     166       31       25    CVG  AUS      958      4      14
    ## 2699     157       27       36    MCO  AUS      993      4      10
    ## 2700     121      -21       -6    SLC  AUS     1085      4      23
    ## 2701      92      -12       -4    DEN  AUS      775     13      15
    ## 2702      28        8       12    HOU  AUS      148      3      10
    ## 2703      42       -7       -1    DFW  AUS      190      2      10
    ## 2704      92      -10        2    DEN  AUS      775      5      11
    ## 2705      97       -8       -6    MCI  AUS      650      7       9
    ## 2706      37       -3        0    AUS  DAL      189      2       8
    ## 2707     141       -3       -5    ORD  AUS      978      5      21
    ## 2708      35       -4       -1    AUS  DAL      189      3      14
    ## 2709      53        0        5    AUS  OKC      358      4      13
    ## 2710     108      -12       -4    STL  AUS      722      3      16
    ## 2711     153      -17       -3    AUS  BWI     1342      4       9
    ## 2712      35       -9       -3    AUS  DFW      190     11       8
    ## 2713     203        8       -3    BWI  AUS     1342      4      34
    ## 2714      47        0        4    HRL  AUS      273      3       6
    ## 2715      68       -8      -10    AUS  MSY      445      2       9
    ## 2716      37        5       -6    DAL  AUS      189      3      26
    ## 2717      36       46       28    DAL  AUS      189      4      28
    ## 2718     228       12       -1    EWR  AUS     1504      5      32
    ## 2719      71       -5      -10    AUS  TUL      426      4      12
    ## 2720      29       -2        0    IAH  AUS      140      4      19
    ## 2721      29       -4        6    AUS  HOU      148      3       8
    ## 2722     123       17       12    AUS  DEN      775      5      12
    ## 2723      36       -5        0    AUS  DAL      189      5       9
    ## 2724      57      -12       -4    OKC  AUS      358      4       8
    ## 2725      37        0       -4    AUS  IAH      140      8      19
    ## 2726      36       10       -2    DAL  AUS      189      3      23
    ## 2727     123        8       25    ATL  AUS      813      2      14
    ## 2728     126       82       90    BNA  AUS      756      4       7
    ## 2729      94        4        1    AUS  ATL      813     17      17
    ## 2730     132        4        5    AUS  PHX      872      7      17
    ## 2731      35        4        0    AUS  DFW      190     18      11
    ## 2732     215       37       24    AUS  SJC     1476      7      16
    ## 2733     140       -3        4    SAN  AUS     1164      3      10
    ## 2734      42       20       14    DFW  AUS      190     10      14
    ## 2735     113       -4        6    AUS  TPA      928      4       8
    ## 2736      38       -3       -3    AUS  DAL      189      4      13
    ## 2737      29        5        3    IAH  AUS      140      5      23
    ## 2738      34       -6        4    AUS  DAL      189      2       9
    ## 2739      30        0        2    HOU  AUS      148      3      10
    ## 2740     160        6       23    AUS  SAN     1164      3      10
    ## 2741      69       -4       -1    TUL  AUS      426      4      12
    ## 2742     106      -12        0    PHX  AUS      872      4       8
    ## 2743      96      -19       -6    DEN  AUS      775      5       8
    ## 2744     129       26       41    AUS  PHX      872      3       8
    ## 2745     124       29       37    AUS  CVG      958      3      17
    ## 2746      39       -7       -3    DAL  AUS      189      6       6
    ## 2747      29       -3       -1    AUS  IAH      140     12      17
    ## 2748     127      -12        0    ATL  AUS      813      4      16
    ## 2749     137       24       19    AUS  ORD      978      6      22
    ## 2750     102        0      -10    AUS  MCI      650      6      12
    ## 2751     106      -11       -4    PHX  AUS      872      4      15
    ## 2752      37        1        2    DAL  AUS      189      3       9
    ## 2753     101       33       14    AUS  MEM      559     10      14
    ## 2754     149       -8      -10    AUS  IAD     1297     10      21
    ## 2755      70       -9       -1    ELP  AUS      528      3       4
    ## 2756      48       -3        1    AUS  MAF      294      3      10
    ## 2757     107       16       -6    DEN  AUS      775     10      31
    ## 2758      79        5        3    MSY  AUS      445      5      21
    ## 2759     173       -5        0    AUS  ONT     1197      6      17
    ## 2760      94      -19       -6    AUS  STL      722      3      10
    ## 2761      36       29       30    DFW  AUS      190      4      19
    ## 2762      78      -11       -3    AUS  ELP      528      2      12
    ## 2763      31       -3       -2    AUS  HOU      148      3      15
    ## 2764     107       20        9    AUS  ATL      813     24      11
    ## 2765     182      -14       -1    AUS  EWR     1504     17      13
    ## 2766      35       10       15    AUS  DFW      190     12      13
    ## 2767      36        4        1    DAL  AUS      189      4      13
    ## 2768      38       -7       -7    AUS  DAL      189      3      14
    ## 2769     194       -9       -5    AUS  JFK     1522     11      14
    ## 2770      36      -15       -4    DFW  AUS      190      4       9
    ## 2771     232      -67        0    JFK  AUS     1522      3      18
    ## 2772      37       52       57    AUS  DAL      189      4       9
    ## 2773     138        1       -3    ORD  AUS      978      5      31
    ## 2774      39       -4        0    AUS  DAL      189      3       9
    ## 2775     205        3       -5    IAD  AUS     1297      4      24
    ## 2776      39       -4       -2    DAL  AUS      189      4      10
    ## 2777     138       -4        1    ONT  AUS     1197      5      14
    ## 2778      56        6        7    AUS  LBB      341      2      11
    ## 2779     136        2        2    SNA  AUS     1209      6      18
    ## 2780      50        0        4    LBB  AUS      341      4       7
    ## 2781     172       -6       -5    AUS  SLC     1085      6      11
    ## 2782     105       -2       -2    AUS  ABQ      619      6      16
    ## 2783     178       37       20    SJC  AUS     1476      8      31
    ## 2784     127        9       18    AUS  MDW      972      1      13
    ## 2785      39        0        2    DFW  AUS      190      5      14
    ## 2786     217        3       -6    AUS  SJC     1476      3      14
    ## 2787      29       10        0    IAH  AUS      140      7      29
    ## 2788     137       -1        0    AUS  PHX      872      7      12
    ## 2789     133       52       60    AUS  ORD      978      8      10
    ## 2790      35       14       18    DAL  AUS      189      4       7
    ## 2791      37        1        2    AUS  DAL      189      4      13
    ## 2792      44        7        3    MAF  AUS      294      4      11
    ## 2793      34        2        4    AUS  IAH      140     11      12
    ## 2794      39       38       30    AUS  DFW      190     11      18
    ## 2795      78      -17       -5    ABQ  AUS      619      4      10
    ## 2796      30        0        1    HOU  AUS      148      3      11
    ## 2797     178       21       12    AUS  LAX     1242      7      19
    ## 2798      37       -8       -7    AUS  DAL      189      3      14
    ## 2799     135       35       23    ATL  AUS      813      5      23
    ## 2800     146       -6        0    LAX  AUS     1242      5      17
    ## 2801     109       12       12    AUS  JAX      954      5      15
    ## 2802     181        0       13    RDU  AUS     1162      4       7
    ## 2803      33        1       -1    AUS  HOU      148      4      10
    ## 2804     136      -12        6    MDW  AUS      972      4       7
    ## 2805     131      154       97    AUS  ORD      978      6      80
    ## 2806      37        5       -2    AUS  DFW      190     19      11
    ## 2807      95       -1       -1    MEM  AUS      559      4      21
    ## 2808      40       31       29    DFW  AUS      190      3      19
    ## 2809      96       -5       -3    TUS  AUS      797      5      14
    ## 2810      87      -14       -2    AUS  BNA      756      6      10
    ## 2811      37      -12       -6    AUS  DAL      189      4       8
    ## 2812     227       -2        0    EWR  AUS     1504      6      35
    ## 2813      35       -7        0    DFW  AUS      190      4      14
    ## 2814      34        4        7    DAL  AUS      189      3      10
    ## 2815     118      -18        0    SLC  AUS     1085      6      21
    ## 2816     164        7       17    AUS  LAS     1090      3       8
    ## 2817      80        5        0    AUS  ELP      528      3      17
    ## 2818     119       -1       -3    AUS  DEN      775      6       9
    ## 2819      33        8       13    DAL  AUS      189      3       9
    ## 2820      39       -4       -4    AUS  DFW      190      9      12
    ## 2821     131      -14       -2    AUS  PHX      872      5       7
    ## 2822     106      -16       -2    PHX  AUS      872      5      14
    ## 2823      29       18       23    IAH  AUS      140      6      17
    ## 2824     117       -7        0    BNA  AUS      756      5      11
    ## 2825      35       -7       -1    DAL  AUS      189      3       6
    ## 2826     104       -4        4    PHX  AUS      872      4       9
    ## 2827      27       -6       -4    AUS  HOU      148      2      14
    ## 2828     128       18       21    ORD  AUS      978      4      36
    ## 2829     215      -25       -5    JFK  AUS     1522      4      15
    ## 2830      35      -11       -6    AUS  DAL      189      4      11
    ## 2831      92       -8        2    DEN  AUS      775      7      12
    ## 2832      34       -2        3    AUS  DAL      189      2       9
    ## 2833      37       -5        1    DFW  AUS      190      6      11
    ## 2834     125       21       37    LAS  AUS     1090      4      10
    ## 2835     155       -3       -1    CVG  AUS      958      3      16
    ## 2836      66        4       10    ELP  AUS      528      4       9
    ## 2837      32        5       -1    IAH  AUS      140      6      25
    ## 2838      30       26       25    HOU  AUS      148      7       9
    ## 2839      36       -8        0    DFW  AUS      190      3      13
    ## 2840     132       44       20    ATL  AUS      813     11      37
    ## 2841     162      -10      -11    AUS  LAS     1090      6      14
    ## 2842     128       66       70    ORD  AUS      978      6      27
    ## 2843      30       -1       -3    IAH  AUS      140      5      18
    ## 2844      33       13       27    DFW  AUS      190      2       6
    ## 2845     119      -15        0    LAS  AUS     1090      7      18
    ## 2846      NA       NA       NA    AUS  DEN      775     NA      NA
    ## 2847      NA       NA       NA    AUS  DAL      189     NA      NA
    ## 2848      NA       NA       NA    DEN  AUS      775     NA      NA
    ## 2849      NA       NA       NA    DAL  AUS      189     NA      NA
    ## 2850      31       -9       -5    AUS  IAH      140      7      13
    ## 2851     137       -6       -7    AUS  PHX      872      4      12
    ## 2852      31        3       -2    DAL  AUS      189      9      20
    ## 2853      40       18       -4    AUS  DFW      190     17      25
    ## 2854      99       -6       -3    AUS  ATL      813     18       9
    ## 2855     136        5       -2    AUS  ORD      978      5      21
    ## 2856      50       -9       -8    AUS  MAF      294      4      10
    ## 2857     123        5       -8    AUS  DEN      775      9      16
    ## 2858     123      -19       -2    AUS  CVG      958      4       8
    ## 2859     166       22       -6    AUS  EWR     1504      7      63
    ## 2860      39       -6       -3    AUS  DAL      189      4       9
    ## 2861     148       12       -2    AUS  ORD      978      8      17
    ## 2862      29        2        3    AUS  HOU      148      7       8
    ## 2863      67       -9       -2    ELP  AUS      528      4       7
    ## 2864      28       -2        0    HOU  AUS      148      7       8
    ## 2865     209       -1       -3    AUS  SJC     1476      3      15
    ## 2866     138      -14       -8    LAX  AUS     1242      5      26
    ## 2867      75       39       41    AUS  MEM      559      6      22
    ## 2868      33      -11       -3    DAL  AUS      189      3       6
    ## 2869     134       -8        0    AUS  PHX      872      4       9
    ## 2870      31       -4        0    AUS  IAH      140      9      12
    ## 2871     103       -8      -10    MCI  AUS      650      5      11
    ## 2872     182       -5       -6    AUS  ONT     1197      8      12
    ## 2873      46       -9       -1    LBB  AUS      341      3       8
    ## 2874     206       10       -5    AUS  JFK     1522      8      14
    ## 2875     130       -7       -2    AUS  MDW      972      5      10
    ## 2876      95       -3        1    AUS  BNA      756      4      12
    ## 2877      42        8       -4    AUS  DFW      190     14      16
    ## 2878      39       -9       -2    AUS  DAL      189      3      11
    ## 2879      59      -10       -7    AUS  MSY      445      3      12
    ## 2880      31        8       -4    IAH  AUS      140      5      28
    ## 2881      99      -15       -5    AUS  ATL      813      6       9
    ## 2882      31       -4        1    AUS  IAH      140      4      19
    ## 2883      97      -22       -7    DEN  AUS      775      5      10
    ## 2884     124      -19       -8    AUS  TUS      797      4      12
    ## 2885      80      -10       -2    AUS  ELP      528      3       9
    ## 2886      43       -8       -2    MAF  AUS      294      3       8
    ## 2887      55      -13       -6    AUS  LBB      341      2       6
    ## 2888      40        0       -6    AUS  DFW      190     11      15
    ## 2889      32       -5       -2    DAL  AUS      189      6       9
    ## 2890     134      -20       -5    MDW  AUS      972      6      10
    ## 2891     188        7       -5    AUS  SNA     1209      5       9
    ## 2892      31      -12       -5    DFW  AUS      190      7      15
    ## 2893      35       -7       -2    DAL  AUS      189      3      12
    ## 2894      38      -12       -5    AUS  DAL      189      3       7
    ## 2895     168        2        0    AUS  SLC     1085      9      15
    ## 2896      31        0       -4    HOU  AUS      148      6      12
    ## 2897     124        7       -9    AUS  DEN      775      8      26
    ## 2898     128      -22       -2    SAN  AUS     1164      4       8
    ## 2899     139      -18       -6    ORD  AUS      978      4      10
    ## 2900     239       68       14    JFK  AUS     1522      4      78
    ## 2901     112      -16        0    BNA  AUS      756      5       7
    ## 2902      69      -27       -4    MSY  AUS      445      4       7
    ## 2903      35        6        2    AUS  IAH      140      7      19
    ## 2904      28       -8       -1    AUS  HOU      148      3       7
    ## 2905     106       -4       -5    AUS  ATL      813     11      10
    ## 2906      39       -2       -4    IAH  AUS      140      5      13
    ## 2907     145        7       -6    AUS  PHX      872     13      17
    ## 2908      36       -9       -5    AUS  DFW      190     11       9
    ## 2909     127      -15        0    ATL  AUS      813      5      12
    ## 2910     103      -17       -2    PHX  AUS      872      4       8
    ## 2911      33       -5       -1    DAL  AUS      189      5       8
    ## 2912     181       -3       -8    AUS  LAX     1242      4      20
    ## 2913     128      -17        0    LAS  AUS     1090      5      10
    ## 2914      34        3        1    AUS  IAH      140      7      18
    ## 2915      38       10       -6    AUS  DFW      190     28      10
    ## 2916      40       -3       -2    AUS  DAL      189      5       9
    ## 2917     170        2       -1    AUS  LAS     1090      5       8
    ## 2918     170      -15       -9    CLE  AUS     1174      5      13
    ## 2919     165      -26       -4    SJC  AUS     1476      4       9
    ## 2920     236       53       -5    EWR  AUS     1504      6      81
    ## 2921     135        6       18    ONT  AUS     1197      6       9
    ## 2922      91       -4        5    MCI  AUS      650      4      11
    ## 2923      39       -4       -8    AUS  DAL      189      3      17
    ## 2924     180        0       -1    AUS  SAN     1164      2       9
    ## 2925      93      -26       -8    AUS  ABQ      619      5      11
    ## 2926     256       26       27    BOS  AUS     1698      5      23
    ## 2927     143       40       15    CVG  AUS      958      8      44
    ## 2928      33      -15       -3    DFW  AUS      190      4      11
    ## 2929     158       -7       -2    AUS  BWI     1342      4      13
    ## 2930     233      115      100    AUS  SFO     1504      6      12
    ## 2931      92        4        1    MEM  AUS      559      7      24
    ## 2932     200       -3       17    BWI  AUS     1342      4      11
    ## 2933     134      -18       -2    TPA  AUS      928      5      10
    ## 2934      36       -5        1    AUS  DFW      190      9       9
    ## 2935     141        4       -2    AUS  PHX      872     11       9
    ## 2936      30      -11       -5    IAH  AUS      140      5      16
    ## 2937     132       -6       -9    AUS  ORD      978      7      14
    ## 2938      34       -1        1    DAL  AUS      189      5       9
    ## 2939      28       -7       -4    HOU  AUS      148      5       9
    ## 2940     140       -1        2    ORD  AUS      978      3      24
    ## 2941      35       -2        0    AUS  IAH      140      9      11
    ## 2942      31       -7       -5    DAL  AUS      189      5      12
    ## 2943     117       -9        8    ATL  AUS      813      5      22
    ## 2944     142      -15        1    LAX  AUS     1242      3       9
    ## 2945      93       -6       -4    AUS  MCI      650      6      10
    ## 2946     103      -14       -5    AUS  ATL      813      7       9
    ## 2947      33      -13       -3    DFW  AUS      190      3      14
    ## 2948      98      -26       -2    PHX  AUS      872      5      14
    ## 2949      94      -10       -5    AUS  BNA      756      4       7
    ## 2950     168      -30       -9    SFO  AUS     1504      4      11
    ## 2951      39       -7       -1    AUS  DFW      190     10      10
    ## 2952      39       -6        0    AUS  DAL      189      3       7
    ## 2953      77      -27      -12    ABQ  AUS      619      5       7
    ## 2954     129       -3       -5    AUS  CVG      958      5       8
    ## 2955     117       -7      -11    AUS  DEN      775      9      12
    ## 2956     106      -13       -1    PHX  AUS      872      5      12
    ## 2957     188       -2       -5    AUS  LAX     1242      8       7
    ## 2958      28       -7        1    AUS  HOU      148      3       6
    ## 2959     170        3       -4    AUS  LAS     1090      6      11
    ## 2960      65       -2        1    ELP  AUS      528      5      12
    ## 2961      39       -9       -3    AUS  DAL      189      2       8
    ## 2962      87       -9       -3    AUS  MCI      650      5      12
    ## 2963      32       -6       -5    DAL  AUS      189      5      12
    ## 2964      30       31       29    IAH  AUS      140      5      24
    ## 2965     126      -14       -2    AUS  ORD      978      7      10
    ## 2966     144      -25       -9    AUS  IAD     1297      9      15
    ## 2967     143      -10      -10    AUS  CLE     1174     11      11
    ## 2968      33       21       23    DFW  AUS      190      6      19
    ## 2969     179       -2       -1    AUS  LAX     1242     15      10
    ## 2970     164      -13      -15    JAX  AUS      954      6      12
    ## 2971      72       -5       -4    AUS  MEM      559     22      10
    ## 2972      39       -1        0    AUS  DAL      189      4       6
    ## 2973     196       62       60    AUS  JFK     1522     10      14
    ## 2974     136      -24       -4    AUS  RDU     1162      2       7
    ## 2975      40       -4       -8    AUS  DFW      190      8      16
    ## 2976     166      -17        3    SJC  AUS     1476      4      10
    ## 2977     101        6        3    AUS  ATL      813     18       9
    ## 2978     147       -1       -1    ORD  AUS      978      3      15
    ## 2979     184      108       58    AUS  EWR     1504      8      88
    ## 2980      33      -15       -2    DFW  AUS      190      6       8
    ## 2981      82      -11       -4    AUS  ELP      528      3       8
    ## 2982     126      -11        4    LAS  AUS     1090      4      15
    ## 2983      33       -9        0    DAL  AUS      189      4       9
    ## 2984      46       -7       -4    AUS  HRL      273      2       9
    ## 2985     150       -5        6    MCO  AUS      993      5      14
    ## 2986     155       -2        0    CVG  AUS      958      6      15
    ## 2987     105      -12       -3    PHX  AUS      872      5      20
    ## 2988     119      -18       -6    AUS  MCO      993      5       9
    ## 2989      30       29       37    AUS  IAH      140      6      13
    ## 2990      41        6       -6    AUS  DFW      190     11      20
    ## 2991     140       -5       14    LAX  AUS     1242      4      17
    ## 2992      32       -4        0    DAL  AUS      189      3      11
    ## 2993     193        3       15    AUS  BOS     1698      9      15
    ## 2994      29       -1        0    HOU  AUS      148      5      10
    ## 2995      93       -4       -2    MEM  AUS      559      5      15
    ## 2996     125      -18       -3    SLC  AUS     1085      7      16
    ## 2997      99      -13       -5    DEN  AUS      775      5      16
    ## 2998      92      -15       -1    DEN  AUS      775      4      10
    ## 2999      35       -3       -1    DFW  AUS      190      5      18
    ## 3000     126       30       37    ATL  AUS      813      4      15
    ## 3001      26        6       17    IAH  AUS      140      4      12
    ## 3002      96       -8       -5    MCI  AUS      650      5      11
    ## 3003      43       -6       -8    AUS  DAL      189      4      10
    ## 3004     121       -3        8    BNA  AUS      756      3      10
    ## 3005     146       -4       -6    ORD  AUS      978      4      17
    ## 3006      40        4        5    AUS  DAL      189      3       6
    ## 3007      31       39       45    AUS  IAH      140      9      11
    ## 3008     110      -13       -4    STL  AUS      722      5      11
    ## 3009      50        0       12    AUS  OKC      358      3      10
    ## 3010      50       -3       -3    HRL  AUS      273      4       6
    ## 3011      39        4       -1    AUS  DFW      190     15      11
    ## 3012     149      -12        2    AUS  BWI     1342      9       8
    ## 3013     200      -23       -3    BWI  AUS     1342      3       7
    ## 3014      58      -13       -6    AUS  MSY      445      4       8
    ## 3015      38        5       -3    DAL  AUS      189      5      20
    ## 3016      64      -15      -10    AUS  TUL      426      3      10
    ## 3017     116        1        4    AUS  DEN      775      7       9
    ## 3018      30       -5        3    AUS  HOU      148      2      10
    ## 3019      33       38       43    DAL  AUS      189      2      10
    ## 3020      58       -9      -10    OKC  AUS      358      7      13
    ## 3021     218        2       13    EWR  AUS     1504      3      20
    ## 3022      40       -4        0    AUS  DAL      189      4       7
    ## 3023     123       -5       -1    ATL  AUS      813      5      24
    ## 3024     220        9       -1    AUS  SJC     1476      4      11
    ## 3025      32      -16       -3    DFW  AUS      190      3      12
    ## 3026      35       -3        0    AUS  IAH      140      9      13
    ## 3027      34       -2        2    DAL  AUS      189      3       9
    ## 3028     135       -1        3    AUS  PHX      872      7      11
    ## 3029      44        6       -2    AUS  DFW      190     15       9
    ## 3030     190      206      199    AUS  JFK     1522     27      12
    ## 3031     129       -9        0    AUS  CVG      958      2      12
    ## 3032     175       -4       -1    AUS  SAN     1164      2      10
    ## 3033     112      -17       -5    AUS  TPA      928      3       8
    ## 3034      32       39       37    IAH  AUS      140      5      19
    ## 3035     101       16       23    AUS  ATL      813     14       7
    ## 3036     130        1       18    SAN  AUS     1164      5       8
    ## 3037      29       -2       -2    IAH  AUS      140      7      19
    ## 3038      33        6       -1    HOU  AUS      148      4      15
    ## 3039      38        5        5    AUS  DAL      189      3      14
    ## 3040     136       24       31    AUS  PHX      872      4       8
    ## 3041      38        4        1    AUS  DAL      189      4      16
    ## 3042      63      -13       -1    TUL  AUS      426      5       8
    ## 3043     106      -14       -2    PHX  AUS      872      4       8
    ## 3044      73      -27      -10    AUS  MEM      559      6      10
    ## 3045     123      -14        4    AUS  ORD      978      8      11
    ## 3046     102       -5       -1    DEN  AUS      775      7       9
    ## 3047     240      180      153    JFK  AUS     1522      3      35
    ## 3048      34       -6        2    DAL  AUS      189      3      10
    ## 3049     100      -11       -4    PHX  AUS      872     15      10
    ## 3050      31       -4        1    DAL  AUS      189      3      11
    ## 3051      92       -5       -5    AUS  MCI      650      5      13
    ## 3052     148      -17      -12    AUS  IAD     1297      8      17
    ## 3053      32      -15        0    DFW  AUS      190      3      10
    ## 3054      49       -4        1    AUS  MAF      294      2       9
    ## 3055      72      -27       -9    MSY  AUS      445      7       6
    ## 3056      64       -2        5    ELP  AUS      528      5       9
    ## 3057     103      -10       -5    DEN  AUS      775      5      13
    ## 3058     178      -14       -7    AUS  ONT     1197      7       9
    ## 3059      40        4        9    AUS  DAL      189      3       7
    ## 3060      96       -3       -3    AUS  ATL      813     23      12
    ## 3061      41        2        0    AUS  DFW      190     11      15
    ## 3062      95      -17       -5    AUS  STL      722      4       9
    ## 3063     123       29       45    ATL  AUS      813      6      14
    ## 3064      28      -11        0    AUS  HOU      148      3       8
    ## 3065      34       46       43    AUS  IAH      140     10      19
    ## 3066      81        0        7    AUS  ELP      528      3       9
    ## 3067      31       -1        7    DAL  AUS      189      4       7
    ## 3068      41       -1       -2    AUS  DAL      189      3      12
    ## 3069      33      -13       -6    DFW  AUS      190      4      16
    ## 3070     125      -18       -4    AUS  ORD      978     13       8
    ## 3071     123       -6       -6    AUS  DEN      775      5       9
    ## 3072     224      -50        0    JFK  AUS     1522     10      36
    ## 3073      52      -10       -3    AUS  LBB      341      3       8
    ## 3074     170       -8        2    SJC  AUS     1476      9      11
    ## 3075     124      -12       -2    AUS  MDW      972      6      10
    ## 3076     139        5       -6    ONT  AUS     1197     11      23
    ## 3077     147       -5       -1    ORD  AUS      978      4      15
    ## 3078      37       -7        1    AUS  DAL      189      4       6
    ## 3079      34       -9       -4    DAL  AUS      189      5      11
    ## 3080     134      -13       -3    SNA  AUS     1209      6      10
    ## 3081      98       -4      -10    AUS  ABQ      619     23      12
    ## 3082      49       -5        0    LBB  AUS      341      4       7
    ## 3083     155       -7       -1    AUS  SLC     1085     16      13
    ## 3084      33      -13       -5    DFW  AUS      190      8      11
    ## 3085      34       -6       -3    DAL  AUS      189      4       9
    ## 3086      35       -1        1    AUS  DFW      190     12      11
    ## 3087     218        5       -5    AUS  SJC     1476      4      13
    ## 3088      30        1        2    IAH  AUS      140      6      18
    ## 3089     128      -17       -2    AUS  PHX      872      4      10
    ## 3090      33      -11       -8    AUS  IAH      140      8      15
    ## 3091     173       44       71    AUS  EWR     1504     11      14
    ## 3092      41       -5        1    MAF  AUS      294      3       5
    ## 3093      40       -1        4    AUS  DAL      189      3       7
    ## 3094      32      -14       -2    DFW  AUS      190      5      11
    ## 3095      76      -10       -9    ABQ  AUS      619      5      22
    ## 3096     180        4        6    AUS  LAX     1242      5       8
    ## 3097      28       -1        2    HOU  AUS      148      5       9
    ## 3098      40       -8       -5    AUS  DAL      189      2      10
    ## 3099     127       29       20    ATL  AUS      813      8      25
    ## 3100     139      -18       -4    MDW  AUS      972      3       9
    ## 3101     139      -21       -2    LAX  AUS     1242      3      13
    ## 3102      36       -2       -7    AUS  DFW      190     17      12
    ## 3103      29       -6        0    AUS  HOU      148      3       7
    ## 3104      95        1       -2    MEM  AUS      559      6      22
    ## 3105     100       -2       -1    TUS  AUS      797      4      12
    ## 3106      98       -7        5    DEN  AUS      775      3      11
    ## 3107      34       -9       -2    DAL  AUS      189      4       5
    ## 3108      88       -5        9    AUS  BNA      756      5       8
    ## 3109      27      -10       -1    IAH  AUS      140      4      17
    ## 3110      37       -8       -4    AUS  DAL      189      5       9
    ## 3111     169        4        6    AUS  LAS     1090      5       9
    ## 3112      35       -3       -1    DFW  AUS      190      9      14
    ## 3113     111       -9       -7    AUS  DEN      775      9      10
    ## 3114      31       -1        6    DAL  AUS      189      6       6
    ## 3115      83       -3       -3    AUS  ELP      528      2      10
    ## 3116     127        0        5    SLC  AUS     1085      7      24
    ## 3117      40       -8       -6    AUS  DFW      190      9       9
    ## 3118     104      -20       -4    PHX  AUS      872      5      14
    ## 3119     111       55       59    AUS  JAX      954      6       8
    ## 3120     135        0        0    AUS  PHX      872      9      11
    ## 3121     201      123      130    IAD  AUS     1297      5      12
    ## 3122     176      134      160    AUS  JFK     1522      9      12
    ## 3123     144        8       10    ORD  AUS      978      4      21
    ## 3124     119      -24       -2    LAS  AUS     1090      3      11
    ## 3125      98      -11        3    PHX  AUS      872      4       9
    ## 3126      28       -4        1    AUS  HOU      148      3       9
    ## 3127     123       30       37    BNA  AUS      756      3       7
    ## 3128      38      -22      -14    AUS  DAL      189      2       7
    ## 3129      68      -14       -7    ELP  AUS      528      5       5
    ## 3130     237       65       68    EWR  AUS     1504      4      26
    ## 3131     233        0       -2    JFK  AUS     1522      4      19
    ## 3132      98      -10       -1    DEN  AUS      775      5       9
    ## 3133      38       -2        0    AUS  DAL      189      4       6
    ## 3134      36      -14       -2    DFW  AUS      190      5       7
    ## 3135     157        6        0    CVG  AUS      958      9      16
    ## 3136      30        5        6    HOU  AUS      148      5       9
    ## 3137      29        1        0    IAH  AUS      140      5      24
    ## 3138      37       -1       -6    DFW  AUS      190     10      18
    ## 3139      33       84       86    DAL  AUS      189      5      10
    ## 3140     146        5        8    ORD  AUS      978      5      11
    ## 3141     159      -12      -11    AUS  LAS     1090     15       6
    ## 3142     124       45       30    ATL  AUS      813     17      30
    ## 3143      31        0        8    DFW  AUS      190      5      11
    ## 3144      31       -2       -3    IAH  AUS      140      5      16
    ## 3145     183      244      252    RDU  AUS     1162      6       8
    ## 3146     129      -15       -6    LAS  AUS     1090      7      14
    ## 3147      NA       NA       NA    AUS  ORD      978     NA      NA
    ## 3148      31       -6       -7    AUS  IAH      140      8      15
    ## 3149     120      -25       -6    AUS  ORD      978      4      12
    ## 3150      39       -8       -5    AUS  DFW      190      5      13
    ## 3151      97      -14        0    AUS  ATL      813      9       9
    ## 3152     136       40       11    AUS  PHX      872      4      46
    ## 3153     110      -10       -2    AUS  DEN      775      9       8
    ## 3154     117      -24       -5    AUS  ORD      978      8      15
    ## 3155      30      -15       -7    AUS  IAH      140      6      10
    ## 3156     149        0        2    LAX  AUS     1242      6      18
    ## 3157     178       -9       -7    AUS  ONT     1197      4      17
    ## 3158      96       -3       -5    MCI  AUS      650      7      16
    ## 3159      40        3       -8    AUS  DFW      190     10      21
    ## 3160     129      -17       -2    LAS  AUS     1090      4      12
    ## 3161      83      -12       -5    AUS  ELP      528      2       8
    ## 3162      41       -6        0    MAF  AUS      294      5       8
    ## 3163      92       -4        1    AUS  BNA      756      5      13
    ## 3164      56      -11       -3    AUS  MSY      445      3      10
    ## 3165      94      -11       -3    AUS  ATL      813     11      11
    ## 3166      98      -25       -9    DEN  AUS      775      6       7
    ## 3167     124      -18       -5    AUS  TUS      797      5       9
    ## 3168      47       -9       -2    LBB  AUS      341      5       6
    ## 3169      39       -8       -5    AUS  DFW      190      8      10
    ## 3170     172       16       37    AUS  JFK     1522      5      15
    ## 3171      56       -5       -2    AUS  LBB      341      3       8
    ## 3172     220       -5       -6    AUS  SFO     1504      5      12
    ## 3173     135        4       -1    AUS  PHX      872      5      17
    ## 3174     234      -13       -8    JFK  AUS     1522      4      24
    ## 3175     176       -3       -6    AUS  SNA     1209      7      10
    ## 3176     134      -15        5    MDW  AUS      972      5       6
    ## 3177      35        8       -7    DFW  AUS      190     28      12
    ## 3178     171        0       -5    AUS  SLC     1085     11      13
    ## 3179     131      -12       -3    AUS  CVG      958      1      11
    ## 3180      36       -9       -3    DAL  AUS      189      3      10
    ## 3181      39       -8       -5    AUS  DAL      189      3      10
    ## 3182     110       10        0    AUS  DEN      775      4      38
    ## 3183      28       -7       -5    HOU  AUS      148      6       9
    ## 3184     247       50       -6    IAD  AUS     1297      8      26
    ## 3185     130      -17       -5    SAN  AUS     1164      5      13
    ## 3186      33       -8       -7    AUS  IAH      140      8      15
    ## 3187     143        2       -6    ORD  AUS      978     16      14
    ## 3188     127       18        5    BNA  AUS      756      5      21
    ## 3189      28       -4       -2    AUS  HOU      148      4      11
    ## 3190      50       37       40    AUS  MAF      294      3       9
    ## 3191      86        6        8    MSY  AUS      445      6       9
    ## 3192      29       -3       -2    IAH  AUS      140      6      16
    ## 3193      38       -1       -5    AUS  DFW      190     15      11
    ## 3194     127       -9        0    ATL  AUS      813      7      16
    ## 3195      94       -6        5    AUS  ATL      813     11      10
    ## 3196      32      -11       -2    DAL  AUS      189      3       6
    ## 3197     139      -17      -10    ONT  AUS     1197      7       9
    ## 3198     191       11       -3    AUS  LAX     1242      5      18
    ## 3199     254      -16       -1    BOS  AUS     1698      3      13
    ## 3200     164       -4       -2    AUS  LAS     1090      5       9
    ## 3201      98        4       -4    MCI  AUS      650      4      21
    ## 3202     147       15        0    CVG  AUS      958      4      34
    ## 3203      37        1        8    AUS  DFW      190      6      10
    ## 3204     165      -17       -4    AUS  SAN     1164      2      10
    ## 3205     206      -16        0    BWI  AUS     1342      5       8
    ## 3206     175      -11       -9    CLE  AUS     1174      7      10
    ## 3207      39       -6       -2    AUS  DAL      189      3       9
    ## 3208     103      -13       -4    AUS  ABQ      619      5      10
    ## 3209      35      -16       -4    DFW  AUS      190      3      10
    ## 3210     136      -15       -2    TPA  AUS      928      5      11
    ## 3211      89        7       17    MEM  AUS      559      4      17
    ## 3212      34        7       -1    AUS  DFW      190     26       8
    ## 3213     124      -14        0    AUS  MDW      972      4       8
    ## 3214     145      -26       -3    AUS  BWI     1342      5       7
    ## 3215     137       -6       -2    AUS  PHX      872      6       8
    ## 3216      35       -3       -1    DAL  AUS      189      4       9
    ## 3217     126      -16       -4    AUS  ORD      978      5       7
    ## 3218      32        1        2    AUS  IAH      140     12      12
    ## 3219     123       -3       -3    ATL  AUS      813     16      22
    ## 3220      38        0       -5    DAL  AUS      189      8       9
    ## 3221     146       -9        3    LAX  AUS     1242      4       8
    ## 3222      92      -13       -4    AUS  ATL      813     12      15
    ## 3223      29       36       36    HOU  AUS      148      5      11
    ## 3224      40       -5       -1    DFW  AUS      190      4      12
    ## 3225      90        4       10    AUS  MCI      650      4      11
    ##      Cancelled CancellationCode Diverted CarrierDelay WeatherDelay
    ## 1            0                         0          339            0
    ## 2            0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 3            0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 4            0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 5            0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 6            0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 7            0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 8            0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 9            0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 10           0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 11           0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 12           0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 13           0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 14           0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 15           0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 16           0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 17           0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 18           0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 19           0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 20           0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 21           0                         0           33            0
    ## 22           0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 23           0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 24           0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 25           0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 26           0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 27           0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 28           0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 29           0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 30           0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 31           0                         0           29            0
    ## 32           0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 33           0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 34           0                         0            0            0
    ## 35           0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 36           0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 37           0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 38           0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 39           0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 40           0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 41           0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 42           0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 43           0                         0           10            0
    ## 44           0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 45           0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 46           0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 47           0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 48           0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 49           0                         0           10            0
    ## 50           0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 51           0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 52           0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 53           0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 54           0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 55           0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 56           0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 57           0                         0            0            0
    ## 58           0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 59           0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 60           0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 61           0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 62           0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 63           0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 64           0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 65           0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 66           0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 67           0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 68           0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 69           0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 70           0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 71           0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 72           0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 73           0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 74           0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 75           0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 76           0                         0           15            0
    ## 77           0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 78           0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 79           0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 80           0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 81           0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 82           0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 83           0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 84           0                         0           21            0
    ## 85           0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 86           0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 87           0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 88           0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 89           0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 90           0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 91           0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 92           0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 93           0                         0            0            0
    ## 94           0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 95           0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 96           0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 97           0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 98           0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 99           0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 100          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 101          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 102          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 103          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 104          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 105          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 106          0                         0           10            0
    ## 107          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 108          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 109          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 110          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 111          0                         0            4            0
    ## 112          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 113          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 114          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 115          0                         0            0            0
    ## 116          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 117          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 118          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 119          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 120          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 121          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 122          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 123          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 124          0                         0            5            0
    ## 125          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 126          0                         0            0            0
    ## 127          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 128          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 129          0                         0           24            0
    ## 130          0                         0           20            0
    ## 131          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 132          0                         0            0            0
    ## 133          0                         0           25            0
    ## 134          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 135          0                         0           75            0
    ## 136          0                         0            1            0
    ## 137          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 138          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 139          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 140          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 141          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 142          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 143          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 144          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 145          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 146          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 147          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 148          0                         0            2            0
    ## 149          0                         0            0           22
    ## 150          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 151          0                         0            0            0
    ## 152          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 153          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 154          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 155          0                         0            0            0
    ## 156          0                         0          129            0
    ## 157          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 158          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 159          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 160          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 161          0                         0           25            0
    ## 162          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 163          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 164          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 165          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 166          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 167          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 168          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 169          0                         0           30            0
    ## 170          0                         0           15            0
    ## 171          0                         0            0            0
    ## 172          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 173          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 174          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 175          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 176          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 177          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 178          0                         0            0            0
    ## 179          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 180          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 181          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 182          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 183          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 184          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 185          0                         0            0            0
    ## 186          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 187          0                         0            0            0
    ## 188          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 189          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 190          0                         0            0            0
    ## 191          0                         0            0            0
    ## 192          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 193          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 194          0                         0           10            0
    ## 195          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 196          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 197          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 198          0                         0            0            0
    ## 199          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 200          0                         0           34            0
    ## 201          0                         0            0           16
    ## 202          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 203          0                         0           12            0
    ## 204          0                         0            0            0
    ## 205          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 206          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 207          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 208          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 209          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 210          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 211          0                         0            0            0
    ## 212          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 213          0                         0           30            0
    ## 214          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 215          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 216          0                         0            9            0
    ## 217          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 218          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 219          0                         0            0          127
    ## 220          0                         0           13            0
    ## 221          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 222          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 223          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 224          0                         0            0            0
    ## 225          0                         0           45            0
    ## 226          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 227          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 228          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 229          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 230          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 231          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 232          0                         0            3            0
    ## 233          0                         0           54            0
    ## 234          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 235          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 236          0                         0           11            0
    ## 237          0                         0           18            0
    ## 238          0                         0            9            0
    ## 239          0                         0            7            0
    ## 240          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 241          0                         0            0            0
    ## 242          0                         0           21            0
    ## 243          0                         0            0            0
    ## 244          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 245          0                         0           87            0
    ## 246          0                         0          110            0
    ## 247          0                         0            0            0
    ## 248          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 249          0                         0           10            0
    ## 250          1                B        0           NA           NA
    ## 251          1                A        0           NA           NA
    ## 252          1                A        0           NA           NA
    ## 253          1                A        0           NA           NA
    ## 254          1                A        0           NA           NA
    ## 255          1                A        0           NA           NA
    ## 256          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 257          0                         0            0            0
    ## 258          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 259          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 260          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 261          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 262          0                         0            0            0
    ## 263          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 264          0                         0            0            0
    ## 265          0                         0           39            0
    ## 266          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 267          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 268          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 269          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 270          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 271          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 272          0                         0            0            0
    ## 273          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 274          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 275          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 276          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 277          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 278          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 279          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 280          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 281          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 282          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 283          0                         0            0            0
    ## 284          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 285          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 286          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 287          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 288          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 289          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 290          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 291          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 292          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 293          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 294          0                         0           80            0
    ## 295          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 296          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 297          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 298          0                         0            0            0
    ## 299          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 300          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 301          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 302          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 303          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 304          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 305          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 306          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 307          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 308          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 309          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 310          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 311          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 312          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 313          0                         0            0            0
    ## 314          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 315          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 316          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 317          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 318          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 319          0                         0           45            0
    ## 320          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 321          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 322          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 323          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 324          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 325          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 326          0                         0            7            0
    ## 327          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 328          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 329          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 330          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 331          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 332          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 333          0                         0            0           20
    ## 334          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 335          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 336          0                         0           26            0
    ## 337          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 338          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 339          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 340          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 341          0                         0           25            0
    ## 342          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 343          0                         0           46            0
    ## 344          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 345          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 346          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 347          0                         0            0            0
    ## 348          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 349          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 350          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 351          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 352          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 353          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 354          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 355          0                         0            8            0
    ## 356          0                         0            0            0
    ## 357          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 358          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 359          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 360          0                         0            5            0
    ## 361          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 362          0                         0            0            0
    ## 363          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 364          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 365          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 366          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 367          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 368          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 369          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 370          0                         0            0            0
    ## 371          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 372          0                         0            0            0
    ## 373          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 374          0                         0           11            0
    ## 375          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 376          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 377          0                         0            0            0
    ## 378          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 379          0                         0            0            0
    ## 380          0                         0            0            0
    ## 381          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 382          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 383          0                         0            0           73
    ## 384          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 385          0                         0            0            0
    ## 386          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 387          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 388          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 389          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 390          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 391          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 392          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 393          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 394          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 395          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 396          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 397          0                         0           86            0
    ## 398          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 399          0                         0            5            0
    ## 400          0                         0            0            0
    ## 401          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 402          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 403          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 404          0                         0            0            0
    ## 405          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 406          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 407          0                         0           65            0
    ## 408          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 409          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 410          0                         0            6            0
    ## 411          0                         0           32            0
    ## 412          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 413          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 414          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 415          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 416          0                         0           16            0
    ## 417          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 418          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 419          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 420          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 421          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 422          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 423          0                         0            5            0
    ## 424          0                         0            0            0
    ## 425          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 426          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 427          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 428          0                         0            0            0
    ## 429          0                         0            0            0
    ## 430          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 431          0                         0            7            0
    ## 432          0                         0            1            0
    ## 433          0                         0           23            0
    ## 434          0                         0            0            0
    ## 435          0                         0           20            0
    ## 436          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 437          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 438          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 439          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 440          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 441          0                         0            0          122
    ## 442          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 443          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 444          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 445          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 446          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 447          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 448          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 449          0                         0            8            0
    ## 450          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 451          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 452          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 453          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 454          0                         0            0            0
    ## 455          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 456          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 457          0                         0           15            0
    ## 458          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 459          0                         0            8            0
    ## 460          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 461          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 462          0                         0            0            0
    ## 463          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 464          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 465          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 466          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 467          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 468          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 469          0                         0           18            0
    ## 470          0                         0           11            0
    ## 471          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 472          0                         0            0          122
    ## 473          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 474          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 475          0                         0           13            0
    ## 476          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 477          0                         0            4            0
    ## 478          0                         0            4            0
    ## 479          0                         0           17            0
    ## 480          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 481          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 482          0                         0            0            0
    ## 483          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 484          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 485          0                         0            0            0
    ## 486          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 487          0                         0          131            0
    ## 488          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 489          0                         0            0            0
    ## 490          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 491          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 492          0                         0            5            0
    ## 493          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 494          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 495          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 496          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 497          0                         0            0            0
    ## 498          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 499          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 500          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 501          0                         0            0            0
    ## 502          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 503          0                         0           19            0
    ## 504          0                         0            0            0
    ## 505          0                         0           77            0
    ## 506          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 507          0                         0            0            0
    ## 508          0                         0            9            0
    ## 509          0                         0            0            0
    ## 510          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 511          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 512          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 513          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 514          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 515          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 516          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 517          0                         0            3            0
    ## 518          0                         0            0            0
    ## 519          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 520          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 521          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 522          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 523          0                         0            2            0
    ## 524          0                         0            4            0
    ## 525          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 526          0                         0           29            0
    ## 527          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 528          0                         0          100            0
    ## 529          0                         0           57            0
    ## 530          0                         0          136            0
    ## 531          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 532          0                         0            4            0
    ## 533          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 534          0                         0           38            0
    ## 535          0                         0            4            0
    ## 536          0                         0            1            0
    ## 537          0                         0            0            3
    ## 538          0                         0           25            0
    ## 539          0                         0            0            0
    ## 540          0                         0            0            0
    ## 541          0                         0           26            0
    ## 542          0                         0           14            0
    ## 543          0                         0            0            0
    ## 544          0                         0           28            0
    ## 545          0                         0          100            0
    ## 546          0                         0            0            0
    ## 547          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 548          0                         0          124            0
    ## 549          0                         0           12            0
    ## 550          0                         0           73            0
    ## 551          0                         0            0            0
    ## 552          1                A        0           NA           NA
    ## 553          1                A        0           NA           NA
    ## 554          1                A        0           NA           NA
    ## 555          1                A        0           NA           NA
    ## 556          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 557          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 558          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 559          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 560          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 561          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 562          0                         0            0            0
    ## 563          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 564          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 565          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 566          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 567          0                         0            0            0
    ## 568          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 569          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 570          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 571          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 572          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 573          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 574          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 575          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 576          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 577          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 578          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 579          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 580          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 581          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 582          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 583          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 584          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 585          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 586          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 587          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 588          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 589          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 590          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 591          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 592          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 593          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 594          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 595          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 596          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 597          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 598          0                         0            0            0
    ## 599          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 600          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 601          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 602          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 603          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 604          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 605          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 606          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 607          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 608          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 609          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 610          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 611          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 612          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 613          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 614          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 615          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 616          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 617          0                         0           30            0
    ## 618          0                         0           24            0
    ## 619          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 620          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 621          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 622          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 623          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 624          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 625          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 626          0                         0            0            0
    ## 627          0                         0            6            0
    ## 628          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 629          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 630          0                         0           15            0
    ## 631          0                         0           10            0
    ## 632          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 633          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 634          0                         0           22            0
    ## 635          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 636          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 637          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 638          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 639          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 640          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 641          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 642          0                         0            3            0
    ## 643          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 644          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 645          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 646          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 647          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 648          0                         0           52            0
    ## 649          0                         0            1            0
    ## 650          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 651          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 652          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 653          0                         0           11            0
    ## 654          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 655          0                         0           20            0
    ## 656          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 657          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 658          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 659          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 660          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 661          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 662          0                         0            1            0
    ## 663          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 664          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 665          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 666          0                         0            4            0
    ## 667          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 668          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 669          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 670          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 671          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 672          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 673          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 674          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 675          0                         0            0           45
    ## 676          0                         0           17            0
    ## 677          0                         0           36            0
    ## 678          0                         0           16            0
    ## 679          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 680          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 681          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 682          0                         0            4            0
    ## 683          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 684          0                         0           37            0
    ## 685          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 686          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 687          0                         0           18            0
    ## 688          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 689          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 690          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 691          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 692          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 693          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 694          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 695          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 696          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 697          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 698          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 699          0                         0            0            0
    ## 700          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 701          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 702          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 703          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 704          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 705          0                         0            0            0
    ## 706          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 707          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 708          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 709          0                         0           74            0
    ## 710          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 711          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 712          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 713          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 714          0                         0           46            0
    ## 715          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 716          0                         0           21            0
    ## 717          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 718          0                         0           27            0
    ## 719          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 720          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 721          0                         0            2            0
    ## 722          0                         0            3            0
    ## 723          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 724          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 725          0                         0           24            0
    ## 726          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 727          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 728          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 729          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 730          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 731          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 732          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 733          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 734          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 735          0                         0           21            0
    ## 736          0                         0            4            0
    ## 737          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 738          0                         0            5            0
    ## 739          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 740          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 741          0                         0            0            0
    ## 742          0                         0           20            0
    ## 743          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 744          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 745          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 746          0                         0            9            0
    ## 747          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 748          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 749          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 750          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 751          0                         0            0            0
    ## 752          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 753          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 754          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 755          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 756          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 757          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 758          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 759          0                         0           25            0
    ## 760          0                         0           18            0
    ## 761          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 762          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 763          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 764          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 765          0                         0            6            0
    ## 766          0                         0            0            0
    ## 767          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 768          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 769          0                         0            0            0
    ## 770          0                         0            0            0
    ## 771          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 772          0                         0            0            0
    ## 773          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 774          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 775          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 776          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 777          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 778          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 779          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 780          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 781          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 782          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 783          0                         0            4            0
    ## 784          0                         0            0            0
    ## 785          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 786          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 787          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 788          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 789          0                         0            0            5
    ## 790          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 791          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 792          0                         0            0            0
    ## 793          0                         0            0            0
    ## 794          0                         0            4            0
    ## 795          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 796          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 797          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 798          0                         0            0            0
    ## 799          0                         0            0            0
    ## 800          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 801          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 802          0                         0            0            0
    ## 803          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 804          0                         0           10            0
    ## 805          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 806          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 807          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 808          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 809          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 810          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 811          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 812          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 813          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 814          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 815          0                         0            0           18
    ## 816          0                         0            1            0
    ## 817          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 818          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 819          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 820          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 821          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 822          0                         0           10            0
    ## 823          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 824          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 825          0                         0            0            0
    ## 826          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 827          0                         0            1            0
    ## 828          0                         0           59            0
    ## 829          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 830          0                         0            0            0
    ## 831          0                         0           27            0
    ## 832          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 833          0                         0            1            0
    ## 834          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 835          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 836          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 837          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 838          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 839          0                         0           23            0
    ## 840          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 841          0                         0           10            0
    ## 842          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 843          0                         0            2            0
    ## 844          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 845          0                         0           11            0
    ## 846          0                         0            0            0
    ## 847          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 848          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 849          1                A        0           NA           NA
    ## 850          1                A        0           NA           NA
    ## 851          1                A        0           NA           NA
    ## 852          1                A        0           NA           NA
    ## 853          1                A        0           NA           NA
    ## 854          1                A        0           NA           NA
    ## 855          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 856          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 857          0                         0            0            0
    ## 858          0                         0            0            0
    ## 859          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 860          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 861          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 862          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 863          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 864          0                         0           19            0
    ## 865          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 866          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 867          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 868          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 869          0                         0            0            0
    ## 870          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 871          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 872          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 873          0                         0           30            0
    ## 874          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 875          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 876          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 877          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 878          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 879          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 880          0                         0            0            0
    ## 881          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 882          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 883          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 884          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 885          0                         0            0           13
    ## 886          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 887          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 888          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 889          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 890          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 891          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 892          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 893          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 894          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 895          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 896          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 897          0                         0            0            0
    ## 898          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 899          0                         0            0            0
    ## 900          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 901          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 902          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 903          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 904          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 905          0                         0            0            0
    ## 906          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 907          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 908          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 909          0                         0           16            0
    ## 910          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 911          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 912          0                         0            0            0
    ## 913          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 914          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 915          0                         0            0            0
    ## 916          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 917          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 918          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 919          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 920          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 921          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 922          0                         0            0            7
    ## 923          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 924          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 925          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 926          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 927          0                         0           31            0
    ## 928          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 929          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 930          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 931          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 932          0                         0           32            0
    ## 933          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 934          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 935          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 936          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 937          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 938          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 939          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 940          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 941          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 942          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 943          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 944          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 945          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 946          0                         0           75            0
    ## 947          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 948          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 949          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 950          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 951          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 952          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 953          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 954          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 955          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 956          0                         0           27            0
    ## 957          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 958          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 959          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 960          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 961          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 962          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 963          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 964          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 965          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 966          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 967          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 968          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 969          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 970          0                         0           26            0
    ## 971          0                         0            0            0
    ## 972          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 973          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 974          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 975          0                         0            0            0
    ## 976          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 977          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 978          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 979          0                         0            0            0
    ## 980          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 981          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 982          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 983          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 984          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 985          0                         0            3            0
    ## 986          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 987          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 988          0                         0            0            0
    ## 989          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 990          0                         0            0           20
    ## 991          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 992          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 993          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 994          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 995          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 996          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 997          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 998          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 999          0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1000         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1001         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1002         0                         0            0            0
    ## 1003         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1004         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1005         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1006         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1007         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1008         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1009         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1010         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1011         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1012         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1013         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1014         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1015         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1016         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1017         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1018         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1019         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1020         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1021         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1022         0                         0            3            0
    ## 1023         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1024         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1025         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1026         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1027         0                         0            2            0
    ## 1028         0                         0            0            0
    ## 1029         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1030         0                         0            0            0
    ## 1031         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1032         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1033         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1034         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1035         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1036         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1037         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1038         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1039         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1040         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1041         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1042         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1043         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1044         0                         0            0          260
    ## 1045         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1046         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1047         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1048         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1049         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1050         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1051         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1052         0                         0            9            0
    ## 1053         0                         0           26            0
    ## 1054         0                         0            0            0
    ## 1055         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1056         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1057         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1058         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1059         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1060         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1061         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1062         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1063         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1064         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1065         0                         0            0            0
    ## 1066         0                         0          124            0
    ## 1067         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1068         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1069         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1070         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1071         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1072         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1073         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1074         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1075         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1076         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1077         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1078         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1079         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1080         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1081         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1082         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1083         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1084         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1085         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1086         0                         0           18            0
    ## 1087         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1088         0                         0            0            0
    ## 1089         0                         0            3            0
    ## 1090         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1091         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1092         0                         0            0            0
    ## 1093         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1094         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1095         0                         0            0            0
    ## 1096         0                         0            2            0
    ## 1097         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1098         0                         0            0            0
    ## 1099         0                         0            0            0
    ## 1100         0                         0            0            0
    ## 1101         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1102         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1103         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1104         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1105         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1106         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1107         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1108         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1109         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1110         0                         0           24            0
    ## 1111         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1112         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1113         0                         0            8            0
    ## 1114         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1115         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1116         0                         0            0            0
    ## 1117         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1118         0                         0           15            0
    ## 1119         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1120         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1121         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1122         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1123         0                         0            2            0
    ## 1124         0                         0            0            0
    ## 1125         0                         0            9            0
    ## 1126         0                         0           59            0
    ## 1127         0                         0            3            0
    ## 1128         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1129         0                         0            4            0
    ## 1130         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1131         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1132         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1133         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1134         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1135         0                         0           99            0
    ## 1136         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1137         0                         0            3            0
    ## 1138         0                         0            2            0
    ## 1139         0                         0            8            0
    ## 1140         0                         0            0            0
    ## 1141         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1142         0                         0            1            0
    ## 1143         0                         0           24            0
    ## 1144         0                         0            0            5
    ## 1145         0                         0           39            0
    ## 1146         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1147         0                         0           15            0
    ## 1148         0                         0           22            0
    ## 1149         0                         0            0            0
    ## 1150         0                         0           32            0
    ## 1151         1                A        0           NA           NA
    ## 1152         1                A        0           NA           NA
    ## 1153         1                A        0           NA           NA
    ## 1154         1                A        0           NA           NA
    ## 1155         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1156         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1157         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1158         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1159         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1160         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1161         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1162         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1163         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1164         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1165         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1166         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1167         0                         0            0            0
    ## 1168         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1169         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1170         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1171         0                         0            0            0
    ## 1172         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1173         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1174         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1175         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1176         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1177         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1178         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1179         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1180         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1181         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1182         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1183         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1184         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1185         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1186         0                         0           26            0
    ## 1187         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1188         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1189         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1190         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1191         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1192         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1193         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1194         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1195         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1196         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1197         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1198         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1199         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1200         0                         0            0            0
    ## 1201         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1202         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1203         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1204         0                         0            0            0
    ## 1205         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1206         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1207         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1208         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1209         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1210         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1211         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1212         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1213         0                         0            0            0
    ## 1214         0                         0            0            0
    ## 1215         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1216         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1217         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1218         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1219         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1220         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1221         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1222         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1223         0                         0          102            0
    ## 1224         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1225         0                         0            0            0
    ## 1226         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1227         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1228         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1229         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1230         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1231         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1232         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1233         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1234         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1235         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1236         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1237         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1238         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1239         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1240         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1241         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1242         0                         0            0            0
    ## 1243         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1244         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1245         0                         0           17            0
    ## 1246         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1247         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1248         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1249         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1250         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1251         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1252         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1253         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1254         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1255         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1256         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1257         0                         0            1            0
    ## 1258         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1259         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1260         0                         0           14            0
    ## 1261         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1262         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1263         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1264         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1265         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1266         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1267         0                         0            0            0
    ## 1268         0                         0           47            0
    ## 1269         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1270         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1271         0                         0            0            0
    ## 1272         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1273         0                         0            0            0
    ## 1274         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1275         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1276         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1277         0                         0           16            0
    ## 1278         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1279         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1280         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1281         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1282         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1283         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1284         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1285         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1286         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1287         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1288         0                         0           22            0
    ## 1289         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1290         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1291         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1292         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1293         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1294         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1295         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1296         0                         0           12            0
    ## 1297         0                         0            6            0
    ## 1298         0                         0            0            0
    ## 1299         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1300         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1301         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1302         0                         0           28            0
    ## 1303         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1304         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1305         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1306         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1307         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1308         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1309         0                         0            0            0
    ## 1310         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1311         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1312         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1313         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1314         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1315         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1316         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1317         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1318         0                         0           19            0
    ## 1319         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1320         0                         0            0            0
    ## 1321         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1322         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1323         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1324         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1325         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1326         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1327         0                         0            0            0
    ## 1328         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1329         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1330         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1331         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1332         0                         0            0            0
    ## 1333         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1334         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1335         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1336         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1337         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1338         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1339         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1340         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1341         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1342         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1343         0                         1           NA           NA
    ## 1344         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1345         0                         0            2            0
    ## 1346         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1347         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1348         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1349         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1350         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1351         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1352         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1353         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1354         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1355         0                         0           15            0
    ## 1356         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1357         0                         0            8            0
    ## 1358         0                         0            5            0
    ## 1359         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1360         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1361         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1362         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1363         0                         0            0            0
    ## 1364         0                         0            0            0
    ## 1365         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1366         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1367         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1368         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1369         0                         0            0            0
    ## 1370         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1371         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1372         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1373         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1374         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1375         0                         0            0            0
    ## 1376         0                         0           11            0
    ## 1377         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1378         0                         0            0            0
    ## 1379         0                         0            0            0
    ## 1380         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1381         0                         0            0            0
    ## 1382         0                         0           18            0
    ## 1383         0                         0            9            0
    ## 1384         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1385         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1386         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1387         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1388         0                         0           12            0
    ## 1389         0                         0           49            0
    ## 1390         0                         0            6            0
    ## 1391         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1392         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1393         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1394         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1395         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1396         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1397         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1398         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1399         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1400         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1401         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1402         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1403         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1404         0                         0            0            0
    ## 1405         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1406         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1407         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1408         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1409         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1410         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1411         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1412         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1413         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1414         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1415         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1416         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1417         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1418         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1419         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1420         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1421         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1422         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1423         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1424         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1425         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1426         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1427         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1428         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1429         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1430         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1431         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1432         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1433         0                         0            0            0
    ## 1434         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1435         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1436         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1437         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1438         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1439         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1440         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1441         0                         0           17            0
    ## 1442         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1443         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1444         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1445         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1446         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1447         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1448         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1449         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1450         0                         0            0            0
    ## 1451         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1452         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1453         0                         0           16            0
    ## 1454         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1455         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1456         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1457         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1458         0                         0           11            0
    ## 1459         0                         0           99            0
    ## 1460         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1461         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1462         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1463         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1464         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1465         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1466         0                         0           54            0
    ## 1467         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1468         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1469         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1470         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1471         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1472         0                         0            0            0
    ## 1473         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1474         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1475         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1476         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1477         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1478         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1479         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1480         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1481         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1482         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1483         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1484         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1485         0                         0            8            0
    ## 1486         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1487         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1488         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1489         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1490         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1491         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1492         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1493         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1494         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1495         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1496         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1497         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1498         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1499         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1500         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1501         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1502         0                         0            0            0
    ## 1503         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1504         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1505         0                         0            0            0
    ## 1506         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1507         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1508         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1509         0                         0           75            0
    ## 1510         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1511         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1512         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1513         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1514         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1515         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1516         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1517         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1518         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1519         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1520         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1521         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1522         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1523         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1524         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1525         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1526         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1527         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1528         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1529         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1530         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1531         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1532         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1533         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1534         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1535         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1536         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1537         0                         0            0            0
    ## 1538         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1539         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1540         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1541         0                         0            3            0
    ## 1542         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1543         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1544         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1545         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1546         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1547         0                         0            4            0
    ## 1548         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1549         0                         0           15            0
    ## 1550         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1551         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1552         0                         0           25            0
    ## 1553         0                         0           89            0
    ## 1554         0                         0            0            0
    ## 1555         0                         0           12            0
    ## 1556         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1557         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1558         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1559         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1560         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1561         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1562         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1563         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1564         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1565         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1566         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1567         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1568         0                         0            5            0
    ## 1569         0                         0           20            0
    ## 1570         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1571         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1572         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1573         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1574         0                         0            7            0
    ## 1575         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1576         0                         0            7            0
    ## 1577         0                         0           21            0
    ## 1578         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1579         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1580         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1581         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1582         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1583         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1584         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1585         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1586         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1587         0                         0            0            0
    ## 1588         0                         0            0            0
    ## 1589         0                         0            6            0
    ## 1590         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1591         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1592         0                         0           19            0
    ## 1593         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1594         0                         0            0            0
    ## 1595         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1596         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1597         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1598         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1599         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1600         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1601         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1602         0                         0           18            0
    ## 1603         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1604         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1605         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1606         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1607         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1608         0                         0           11            0
    ## 1609         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1610         0                         0            0            0
    ## 1611         0                         0            0            0
    ## 1612         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1613         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1614         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1615         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1616         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1617         0                         0            0            0
    ## 1618         0                         0            2            0
    ## 1619         0                         0            0            0
    ## 1620         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1621         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1622         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1623         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1624         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1625         0                         0           39            0
    ## 1626         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1627         0                         0           16            0
    ## 1628         0                         0            0            0
    ## 1629         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1630         0                         0           12            0
    ## 1631         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1632         0                         0            2            0
    ## 1633         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1634         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1635         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1636         0                         0           45            0
    ## 1637         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1638         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1639         0                         0           19            0
    ## 1640         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1641         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1642         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1643         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1644         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1645         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1646         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1647         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1648         0                         0            0            0
    ## 1649         0                         0           19            0
    ## 1650         0                         0           36            0
    ## 1651         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1652         0                         0            7            0
    ## 1653         0                         0            0            0
    ## 1654         0                         0           14            0
    ## 1655         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1656         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1657         0                         0            1            0
    ## 1658         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1659         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1660         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1661         0                         0            1            0
    ## 1662         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1663         0                         0           26            0
    ## 1664         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1665         0                         0           24            0
    ## 1666         0                         0           10            0
    ## 1667         0                         0            7            0
    ## 1668         0                         0            0            0
    ## 1669         0                         0           18            0
    ## 1670         0                         0           24            0
    ## 1671         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1672         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1673         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1674         1                A        0           NA           NA
    ## 1675         1                C        0           NA           NA
    ## 1676         1                C        0           NA           NA
    ## 1677         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1678         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1679         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1680         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1681         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1682         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1683         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1684         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1685         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1686         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1687         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1688         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1689         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1690         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1691         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1692         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1693         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1694         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1695         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1696         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1697         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1698         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1699         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1700         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1701         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1702         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1703         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1704         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1705         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1706         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1707         0                         0            9            0
    ## 1708         0                         0            0            0
    ## 1709         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1710         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1711         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1712         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1713         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1714         0                         0           17            0
    ## 1715         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1716         0                         0           48            0
    ## 1717         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1718         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1719         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1720         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1721         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1722         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1723         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1724         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1725         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1726         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1727         0                         0            0            0
    ## 1728         0                         0           27            0
    ## 1729         0                         0            0            0
    ## 1730         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1731         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1732         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1733         0                         0            5            0
    ## 1734         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1735         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1736         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1737         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1738         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1739         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1740         0                         0            0            0
    ## 1741         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1742         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1743         0                         0            0            0
    ## 1744         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1745         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1746         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1747         0                         0            0            0
    ## 1748         0                         0          117            0
    ## 1749         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1750         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1751         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1752         0                         0           52            0
    ## 1753         0                         0           20            0
    ## 1754         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1755         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1756         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1757         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1758         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1759         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1760         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1761         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1762         0                         0           28            0
    ## 1763         0                         0            0            0
    ## 1764         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1765         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1766         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1767         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1768         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1769         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1770         0                         0            0            0
    ## 1771         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1772         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1773         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1774         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1775         0                         0            0            0
    ## 1776         0                         0            0            0
    ## 1777         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1778         0                         0            0            0
    ## 1779         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1780         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1781         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1782         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1783         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1784         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1785         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1786         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1787         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1788         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1789         0                         0          270            0
    ## 1790         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1791         0                         0            2            0
    ## 1792         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1793         0                         0           22            0
    ## 1794         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1795         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1796         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1797         0                         0           48            0
    ## 1798         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1799         0                         0          174            0
    ## 1800         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1801         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1802         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1803         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1804         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1805         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1806         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1807         0                         0           36            0
    ## 1808         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1809         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1810         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1811         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1812         0                         0           21            0
    ## 1813         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1814         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1815         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1816         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1817         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1818         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1819         0                         0            0            0
    ## 1820         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1821         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1822         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1823         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1824         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1825         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1826         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1827         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1828         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1829         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1830         0                         0           16            0
    ## 1831         0                         0           15            0
    ## 1832         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1833         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1834         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1835         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1836         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1837         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1838         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1839         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1840         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1841         0                         0            1            0
    ## 1842         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1843         0                         0            0            0
    ## 1844         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1845         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1846         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1847         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1848         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1849         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1850         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1851         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1852         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1853         0                         0            8            0
    ## 1854         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1855         0                         0            0            0
    ## 1856         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1857         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1858         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1859         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1860         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1861         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1862         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1863         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1864         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1865         0                         0           21            0
    ## 1866         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1867         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1868         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1869         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1870         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1871         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1872         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1873         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1874         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1875         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1876         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1877         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1878         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1879         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1880         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1881         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1882         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1883         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1884         0                         0            6            0
    ## 1885         0                         0            0            0
    ## 1886         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1887         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1888         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1889         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1890         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1891         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1892         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1893         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1894         0                         0            0            0
    ## 1895         0                         0            0            0
    ## 1896         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1897         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1898         0                         0           65            0
    ## 1899         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1900         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1901         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1902         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1903         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1904         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1905         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1906         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1907         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1908         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1909         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1910         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1911         0                         0            0            0
    ## 1912         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1913         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1914         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1915         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1916         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1917         0                         0            3            0
    ## 1918         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1919         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1920         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1921         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1922         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1923         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1924         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1925         0                         0            0            0
    ## 1926         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1927         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1928         0                         0            0            0
    ## 1929         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1930         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1931         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1932         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1933         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1934         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1935         0                         0            0            0
    ## 1936         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1937         0                         0            0            0
    ## 1938         0                         0            0            0
    ## 1939         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1940         0                         0            0            0
    ## 1941         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1942         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1943         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1944         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1945         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1946         0                         0            0           10
    ## 1947         0                         0            0            0
    ## 1948         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1949         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1950         0                         0            0            0
    ## 1951         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1952         0                         0            5            0
    ## 1953         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1954         0                         0            0            0
    ## 1955         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1956         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1957         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1958         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1959         0                         0          172            0
    ## 1960         0                         0           98            0
    ## 1961         0                         0           16            0
    ## 1962         0                         0            0            0
    ## 1963         0                         0           19            0
    ## 1964         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1965         0                         0            0            0
    ## 1966         0                         0          112            0
    ## 1967         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1968         0                         0           14            0
    ## 1969         0                         0            0            0
    ## 1970         0                         0            0            0
    ## 1971         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1972         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1973         0                         0           17            0
    ## 1974         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1975         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1976         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1977         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1978         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1979         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1980         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1981         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1982         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1983         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1984         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1985         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1986         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1987         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1988         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1989         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1990         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1991         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1992         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1993         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1994         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1995         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1996         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1997         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 1998         0                         0           12            0
    ## 1999         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2000         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2001         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2002         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2003         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2004         0                         0            0            0
    ## 2005         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2006         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2007         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2008         0                         0           32            0
    ## 2009         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2010         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2011         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2012         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2013         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2014         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2015         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2016         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2017         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2018         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2019         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2020         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2021         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2022         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2023         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2024         0                         0            0            0
    ## 2025         0                         0            0            0
    ## 2026         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2027         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2028         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2029         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2030         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2031         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2032         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2033         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2034         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2035         0                         0           41            0
    ## 2036         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2037         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2038         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2039         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2040         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2041         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2042         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2043         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2044         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2045         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2046         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2047         0                         0           15            0
    ## 2048         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2049         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2050         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2051         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2052         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2053         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2054         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2055         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2056         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2057         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2058         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2059         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2060         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2061         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2062         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2063         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2064         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2065         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2066         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2067         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2068         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2069         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2070         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2071         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2072         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2073         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2074         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2075         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2076         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2077         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2078         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2079         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2080         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2081         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2082         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2083         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2084         0                         0           15            0
    ## 2085         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2086         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2087         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2088         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2089         0                         0            0            0
    ## 2090         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2091         0                         0            0            0
    ## 2092         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2093         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2094         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2095         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2096         0                         0            0            0
    ## 2097         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2098         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2099         0                         0            0            0
    ## 2100         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2101         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2102         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2103         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2104         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2105         0                         0            0            0
    ## 2106         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2107         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2108         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2109         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2110         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2111         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2112         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2113         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2114         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2115         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2116         0                         0           21            0
    ## 2117         0                         0           19            0
    ## 2118         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2119         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2120         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2121         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2122         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2123         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2124         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2125         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2126         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2127         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2128         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2129         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2130         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2131         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2132         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2133         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2134         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2135         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2136         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2137         0                         0            0            0
    ## 2138         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2139         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2140         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2141         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2142         0                         0            0            0
    ## 2143         0                         0           36            0
    ## 2144         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2145         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2146         0                         0          103            0
    ## 2147         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2148         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2149         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2150         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2151         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2152         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2153         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2154         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2155         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2156         0                         0           17            0
    ## 2157         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2158         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2159         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2160         0                         0            0            0
    ## 2161         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2162         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2163         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2164         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2165         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2166         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2167         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2168         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2169         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2170         0                         0            0            0
    ## 2171         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2172         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2173         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2174         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2175         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2176         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2177         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2178         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2179         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2180         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2181         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2182         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2183         0                         0           14            0
    ## 2184         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2185         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2186         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2187         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2188         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2189         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2190         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2191         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2192         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2193         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2194         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2195         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2196         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2197         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2198         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2199         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2200         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2201         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2202         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2203         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2204         0                         0            0            0
    ## 2205         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2206         0                         0            2            0
    ## 2207         0                         0            0            0
    ## 2208         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2209         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2210         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2211         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2212         0                         0            2            0
    ## 2213         0                         0            0            0
    ## 2214         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2215         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2216         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2217         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2218         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2219         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2220         0                         0            0            0
    ## 2221         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2222         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2223         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2224         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2225         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2226         0                         0            0            0
    ## 2227         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2228         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2229         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2230         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2231         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2232         0                         0            0            0
    ## 2233         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2234         0                         0            0            0
    ## 2235         0                         0            0            0
    ## 2236         0                         0            0            0
    ## 2237         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2238         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2239         0                         0           43            0
    ## 2240         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2241         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2242         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2243         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2244         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2245         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2246         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2247         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2248         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2249         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2250         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2251         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2252         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2253         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2254         0                         0            9            0
    ## 2255         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2256         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2257         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2258         0                         0            0            0
    ## 2259         1                C        0           NA           NA
    ## 2260         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2261         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2262         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2263         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2264         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2265         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2266         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2267         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2268         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2269         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2270         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2271         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2272         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2273         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2274         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2275         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2276         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2277         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2278         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2279         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2280         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2281         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2282         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2283         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2284         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2285         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2286         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2287         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2288         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2289         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2290         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2291         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2292         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2293         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2294         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2295         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2296         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2297         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2298         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2299         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2300         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2301         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2302         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2303         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2304         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2305         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2306         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2307         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2308         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2309         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2310         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2311         0                         0           19            0
    ## 2312         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2313         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2314         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2315         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2316         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2317         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2318         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2319         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2320         0                         0           36            0
    ## 2321         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2322         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2323         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2324         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2325         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2326         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2327         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2328         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2329         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2330         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2331         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2332         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2333         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2334         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2335         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2336         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2337         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2338         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2339         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2340         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2341         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2342         0                         0            0            0
    ## 2343         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2344         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2345         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2346         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2347         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2348         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2349         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2350         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2351         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2352         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2353         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2354         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2355         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2356         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2357         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2358         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2359         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2360         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2361         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2362         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2363         0                         0           10            0
    ## 2364         0                         0           66            0
    ## 2365         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2366         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2367         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2368         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2369         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2370         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2371         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2372         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2373         0                         0            0            0
    ## 2374         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2375         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2376         0                         0            0            0
    ## 2377         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2378         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2379         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2380         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2381         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2382         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2383         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2384         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2385         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2386         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2387         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2388         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2389         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2390         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2391         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2392         0                         0            0            0
    ## 2393         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2394         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2395         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2396         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2397         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2398         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2399         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2400         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2401         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2402         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2403         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2404         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2405         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2406         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2407         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2408         0                         0            0            0
    ## 2409         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2410         0                         0            0            7
    ## 2411         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2412         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2413         0                         0           16            0
    ## 2414         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2415         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2416         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2417         0                         1           NA           NA
    ## 2418         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2419         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2420         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2421         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2422         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2423         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2424         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2425         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2426         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2427         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2428         0                         0           44            0
    ## 2429         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2430         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2431         0                         0           16            0
    ## 2432         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2433         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2434         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2435         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2436         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2437         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2438         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2439         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2440         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2441         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2442         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2443         0                         0           50            0
    ## 2444         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2445         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2446         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2447         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2448         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2449         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2450         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2451         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2452         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2453         0                         0           10            0
    ## 2454         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2455         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2456         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2457         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2458         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2459         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2460         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2461         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2462         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2463         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2464         0                         0            7            0
    ## 2465         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2466         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2467         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2468         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2469         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2470         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2471         0                         0           88            0
    ## 2472         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2473         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2474         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2475         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2476         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2477         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2478         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2479         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2480         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2481         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2482         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2483         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2484         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2485         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2486         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2487         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2488         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2489         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2490         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2491         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2492         0                         0            0            0
    ## 2493         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2494         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2495         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2496         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2497         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2498         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2499         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2500         0                         0            0            0
    ## 2501         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2502         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2503         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2504         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2505         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2506         0                         0            9            0
    ## 2507         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2508         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2509         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2510         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2511         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2512         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2513         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2514         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2515         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2516         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2517         0                         0            0            0
    ## 2518         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2519         0                         0            0            0
    ## 2520         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2521         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2522         0                         0            0            0
    ## 2523         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2524         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2525         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2526         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2527         0                         0            4            0
    ## 2528         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2529         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2530         0                         0            0            0
    ## 2531         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2532         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2533         0                         0            0            0
    ## 2534         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2535         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2536         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2537         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2538         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2539         0                         0          102            0
    ## 2540         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2541         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2542         0                         0            0            0
    ## 2543         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2544         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2545         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2546         0                         0           29            0
    ## 2547         0                         0            0            0
    ## 2548         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2549         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2550         1                A        0           NA           NA
    ## 2551         1                A        0           NA           NA
    ## 2552         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2553         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2554         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2555         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2556         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2557         0                         0            0            0
    ## 2558         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2559         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2560         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2561         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2562         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2563         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2564         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2565         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2566         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2567         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2568         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2569         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2570         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2571         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2572         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2573         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2574         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2575         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2576         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2577         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2578         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2579         0                         0            0            0
    ## 2580         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2581         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2582         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2583         0                         0            0            0
    ## 2584         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2585         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2586         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2587         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2588         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2589         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2590         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2591         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2592         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2593         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2594         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2595         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2596         0                         0           16            0
    ## 2597         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2598         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2599         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2600         0                         0            0            0
    ## 2601         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2602         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2603         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2604         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2605         0                         0            0            0
    ## 2606         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2607         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2608         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2609         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2610         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2611         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2612         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2613         0                         0            0            0
    ## 2614         0                         0           19            0
    ## 2615         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2616         0                         0            2            0
    ## 2617         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2618         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2619         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2620         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2621         0                         0            0            0
    ## 2622         0                         0            0            0
    ## 2623         0                         0            0            0
    ## 2624         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2625         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2626         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2627         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2628         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2629         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2630         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2631         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2632         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2633         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2634         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2635         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2636         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2637         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2638         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2639         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2640         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2641         0                         0            0            0
    ## 2642         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2643         0                         0            0            0
    ## 2644         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2645         0                         0            0            3
    ## 2646         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2647         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2648         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2649         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2650         0                         0           11            0
    ## 2651         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2652         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2653         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2654         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2655         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2656         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2657         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2658         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2659         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2660         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2661         0                         0            0            0
    ## 2662         0                         0            0            0
    ## 2663         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2664         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2665         0                         0            0           16
    ## 2666         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2667         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2668         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2669         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2670         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2671         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2672         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2673         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2674         0                         0            0            0
    ## 2675         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2676         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2677         0                         0            0            0
    ## 2678         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2679         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2680         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2681         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2682         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2683         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2684         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2685         0                         0            0            0
    ## 2686         0                         0            0            0
    ## 2687         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2688         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2689         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2690         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2691         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2692         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2693         0                         0            0            0
    ## 2694         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2695         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2696         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2697         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2698         0                         0           25            0
    ## 2699         0                         0           27            0
    ## 2700         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2701         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2702         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2703         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2704         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2705         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2706         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2707         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2708         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2709         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2710         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2711         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2712         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2713         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2714         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2715         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2716         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2717         0                         0            6            0
    ## 2718         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2719         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2720         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2721         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2722         0                         0            4            0
    ## 2723         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2724         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2725         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2726         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2727         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2728         0                         0            0           28
    ## 2729         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2730         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2731         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2732         0                         0           16            0
    ## 2733         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2734         0                         0           14            0
    ## 2735         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2736         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2737         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2738         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2739         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2740         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2741         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2742         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2743         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2744         0                         0            0            0
    ## 2745         0                         0           29            0
    ## 2746         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2747         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2748         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2749         0                         0            0            0
    ## 2750         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2751         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2752         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2753         0                         0           14            0
    ## 2754         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2755         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2756         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2757         0                         0            0            0
    ## 2758         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2759         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2760         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2761         0                         0           29            0
    ## 2762         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2763         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2764         0                         0            9            0
    ## 2765         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2766         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2767         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2768         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2769         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2770         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2771         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2772         0                         0            0            0
    ## 2773         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2774         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2775         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2776         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2777         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2778         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2779         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2780         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2781         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2782         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2783         0                         0            0            0
    ## 2784         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2785         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2786         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2787         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2788         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2789         0                         0            0            0
    ## 2790         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2791         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2792         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2793         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2794         0                         0            0            0
    ## 2795         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2796         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2797         0                         0            0            0
    ## 2798         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2799         0                         0            0            0
    ## 2800         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2801         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2802         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2803         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2804         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2805         0                         0            0            0
    ## 2806         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2807         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2808         0                         0            5            0
    ## 2809         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2810         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2811         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2812         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2813         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2814         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2815         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2816         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2817         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2818         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2819         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2820         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2821         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2822         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2823         0                         0            0            0
    ## 2824         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2825         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2826         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2827         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2828         0                         0            0            0
    ## 2829         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2830         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2831         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2832         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2833         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2834         0                         0            0            0
    ## 2835         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2836         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2837         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2838         0                         0            0            0
    ## 2839         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2840         0                         0           20            0
    ## 2841         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2842         0                         0           32            0
    ## 2843         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2844         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2845         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2846         1                A        0           NA           NA
    ## 2847         1                A        0           NA           NA
    ## 2848         1                C        0           NA           NA
    ## 2849         1                A        0           NA           NA
    ## 2850         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2851         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2852         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2853         0                         0            0            0
    ## 2854         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2855         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2856         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2857         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2858         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2859         0                         0            0            0
    ## 2860         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2861         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2862         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2863         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2864         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2865         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2866         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2867         0                         0           39            0
    ## 2868         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2869         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2870         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2871         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2872         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2873         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2874         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2875         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2876         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2877         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2878         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2879         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2880         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2881         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2882         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2883         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2884         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2885         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2886         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2887         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2888         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2889         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2890         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2891         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2892         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2893         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2894         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2895         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2896         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2897         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2898         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2899         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2900         0                         0            0            0
    ## 2901         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2902         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2903         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2904         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2905         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2906         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2907         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2908         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2909         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2910         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2911         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2912         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2913         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2914         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2915         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2916         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2917         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2918         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2919         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2920         0                         0            0            0
    ## 2921         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2922         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2923         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2924         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2925         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2926         0                         0            2            0
    ## 2927         0                         0           15            0
    ## 2928         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2929         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2930         0                         0            0            0
    ## 2931         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2932         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2933         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2934         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2935         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2936         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2937         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2938         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2939         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2940         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2941         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2942         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2943         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2944         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2945         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2946         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2947         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2948         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2949         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2950         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2951         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2952         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2953         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2954         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2955         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2956         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2957         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2958         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2959         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2960         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2961         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2962         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2963         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2964         0                         0           12            0
    ## 2965         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2966         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2967         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2968         0                         0           21            0
    ## 2969         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2970         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2971         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2972         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2973         0                         0            0            0
    ## 2974         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2975         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2976         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2977         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2978         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2979         0                         0            0            0
    ## 2980         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2981         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2982         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2983         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2984         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2985         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2986         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2987         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2988         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2989         0                         0            5            0
    ## 2990         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2991         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2992         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2993         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2994         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2995         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2996         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2997         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2998         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 2999         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 3000         0                         0           30            0
    ## 3001         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 3002         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 3003         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 3004         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 3005         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 3006         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 3007         0                         0            0            0
    ## 3008         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 3009         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 3010         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 3011         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 3012         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 3013         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 3014         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 3015         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 3016         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 3017         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 3018         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 3019         0                         0            0            0
    ## 3020         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 3021         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 3022         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 3023         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 3024         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 3025         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 3026         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 3027         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 3028         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 3029         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 3030         0                         0            0            0
    ## 3031         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 3032         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 3033         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 3034         0                         0            6            0
    ## 3035         0                         0           16            0
    ## 3036         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 3037         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 3038         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 3039         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 3040         0                         0            0            0
    ## 3041         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 3042         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 3043         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 3044         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 3045         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 3046         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 3047         0                         0           12            0
    ## 3048         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 3049         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 3050         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 3051         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 3052         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 3053         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 3054         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 3055         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 3056         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 3057         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 3058         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 3059         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 3060         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 3061         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 3062         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 3063         0                         0           29            0
    ## 3064         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 3065         0                         0            5            0
    ## 3066         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 3067         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 3068         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 3069         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 3070         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 3071         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 3072         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 3073         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 3074         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 3075         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 3076         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 3077         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 3078         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 3079         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 3080         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 3081         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 3082         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 3083         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 3084         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 3085         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 3086         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 3087         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 3088         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 3089         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 3090         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 3091         0                         0            0            0
    ## 3092         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 3093         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 3094         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 3095         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 3096         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 3097         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 3098         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 3099         0                         0           20            0
    ## 3100         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 3101         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 3102         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 3103         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 3104         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 3105         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 3106         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 3107         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 3108         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 3109         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 3110         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 3111         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 3112         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 3113         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 3114         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 3115         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 3116         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 3117         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 3118         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 3119         0                         0           55            0
    ## 3120         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 3121         0                         0          123            0
    ## 3122         0                         0            0            0
    ## 3123         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 3124         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 3125         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 3126         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 3127         0                         0            0            0
    ## 3128         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 3129         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 3130         0                         0            4            0
    ## 3131         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 3132         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 3133         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 3134         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 3135         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 3136         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 3137         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 3138         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 3139         0                         0            0            0
    ## 3140         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 3141         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 3142         0                         0           30            0
    ## 3143         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 3144         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 3145         0                         0           26            0
    ## 3146         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 3147         1                A        0           NA           NA
    ## 3148         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 3149         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 3150         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 3151         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 3152         0                         0           11            0
    ## 3153         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 3154         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 3155         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 3156         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 3157         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 3158         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 3159         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 3160         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 3161         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 3162         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 3163         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 3164         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 3165         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 3166         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 3167         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 3168         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 3169         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 3170         0                         0           16            0
    ## 3171         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 3172         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 3173         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 3174         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 3175         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 3176         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 3177         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 3178         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 3179         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 3180         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 3181         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 3182         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 3183         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 3184         0                         0            0            0
    ## 3185         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 3186         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 3187         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 3188         0                         0            0            0
    ## 3189         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 3190         0                         0           37            0
    ## 3191         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 3192         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 3193         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 3194         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 3195         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 3196         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 3197         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 3198         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 3199         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 3200         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 3201         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 3202         0                         0            0            0
    ## 3203         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 3204         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 3205         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 3206         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 3207         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 3208         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 3209         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 3210         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 3211         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 3212         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 3213         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 3214         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 3215         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 3216         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 3217         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 3218         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 3219         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 3220         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 3221         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 3222         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 3223         0                         0           36            0
    ## 3224         0                         0           NA           NA
    ## 3225         0                         0           NA           NA
    ##      NASDelay SecurityDelay LateAircraftDelay Total_delay Combined_date
    ## 1           0             0                 0         684    2008-01-01
    ## 2          NA            NA                NA          14    2008-01-01
    ## 3          NA            NA                NA           1    2008-01-01
    ## 4          NA            NA                NA          27    2008-01-01
    ## 5          NA            NA                NA           7    2008-01-01
    ## 6          NA            NA                NA          11    2008-01-01
    ## 7          NA            NA                NA          24    2008-01-01
    ## 8          NA            NA                NA          26    2008-01-01
    ## 9          NA            NA                NA           6    2008-01-01
    ## 10         NA            NA                NA          22    2008-01-01
    ## 11         NA            NA                NA           7    2008-01-01
    ## 12         NA            NA                NA           6    2008-01-01
    ## 13         NA            NA                NA          10    2008-01-01
    ## 14         NA            NA                NA          22    2008-01-01
    ## 15         NA            NA                NA           8    2008-01-01
    ## 16         NA            NA                NA           6    2008-01-01
    ## 17         NA            NA                NA          27    2008-01-01
    ## 18         NA            NA                NA          16    2008-01-01
    ## 19         NA            NA                NA          20    2008-01-01
    ## 20         NA            NA                NA          14    2008-01-01
    ## 21          0             0                 0          88    2008-01-01
    ## 22         NA            NA                NA          13    2008-01-01
    ## 23         NA            NA                NA          19    2008-01-01
    ## 24         NA            NA                NA          16    2008-01-01
    ## 25         NA            NA                NA          10    2008-01-01
    ## 26         NA            NA                NA          20    2008-01-01
    ## 27         NA            NA                NA          17    2008-01-01
    ## 28         NA            NA                NA           6    2008-01-01
    ## 29         NA            NA                NA          13    2008-01-01
    ## 30         NA            NA                NA          14    2008-01-01
    ## 31          0             0                 0          61    2008-01-01
    ## 32         NA            NA                NA           2    2008-01-01
    ## 33         NA            NA                NA           9    2008-01-01
    ## 34         20             0                 0          22    2008-01-01
    ## 35         NA            NA                NA          17    2008-01-01
    ## 36         NA            NA                NA          13    2008-01-01
    ## 37         NA            NA                NA          14    2008-01-01
    ## 38         NA            NA                NA          17    2008-01-01
    ## 39         NA            NA                NA          14    2008-01-01
    ## 40         NA            NA                NA          11    2008-01-01
    ## 41         NA            NA                NA          18    2008-01-01
    ## 42         NA            NA                NA          11    2008-01-01
    ## 43          8             0                12          52    2008-01-01
    ## 44         NA            NA                NA          12    2008-01-01
    ## 45         NA            NA                NA          19    2008-01-01
    ## 46         NA            NA                NA           8    2008-01-01
    ## 47         NA            NA                NA          13    2008-01-01
    ## 48         NA            NA                NA          19    2008-01-01
    ## 49          0             0                20          66    2008-01-01
    ## 50         NA            NA                NA          12    2008-01-01
    ## 51         NA            NA                NA          17    2008-01-01
    ## 52         NA            NA                NA           7    2008-01-01
    ## 53         NA            NA                NA          12    2008-01-01
    ## 54         NA            NA                NA          24    2008-01-01
    ## 55         NA            NA                NA           6    2008-01-01
    ## 56         NA            NA                NA           2    2008-01-01
    ## 57          2             0                22          46    2008-01-01
    ## 58         NA            NA                NA           5    2008-01-01
    ## 59         NA            NA                NA           9    2008-01-01
    ## 60         NA            NA                NA          15    2008-01-01
    ## 61         NA            NA                NA          10    2008-01-01
    ## 62         NA            NA                NA           7    2008-01-01
    ## 63         NA            NA                NA          13    2008-01-01
    ## 64         NA            NA                NA          11    2008-01-01
    ## 65         NA            NA                NA           5    2008-01-01
    ## 66         NA            NA                NA          30    2008-01-01
    ## 67         NA            NA                NA           4    2008-01-01
    ## 68         NA            NA                NA          29    2008-01-01
    ## 69         NA            NA                NA          13    2008-01-01
    ## 70         NA            NA                NA          14    2008-01-01
    ## 71         NA            NA                NA          14    2008-01-01
    ## 72         NA            NA                NA          21    2008-01-01
    ## 73         NA            NA                NA          12    2008-01-01
    ## 74         NA            NA                NA           2    2008-01-01
    ## 75         NA            NA                NA           5    2008-01-01
    ## 76         55             0                 0          85    2008-01-01
    ## 77         NA            NA                NA          24    2008-01-01
    ## 78         NA            NA                NA           4    2008-01-01
    ## 79         NA            NA                NA           6    2008-01-01
    ## 80         NA            NA                NA           3    2008-01-01
    ## 81         NA            NA                NA          22    2008-01-01
    ## 82         NA            NA                NA          17    2008-01-01
    ## 83         NA            NA                NA          18    2008-01-01
    ## 84          8             0                 9          68    2008-01-01
    ## 85         NA            NA                NA           2    2008-01-01
    ## 86         NA            NA                NA          15    2008-01-01
    ## 87         NA            NA                NA          28    2008-01-01
    ## 88         NA            NA                NA          16    2008-01-01
    ## 89         NA            NA                NA          16    2008-01-01
    ## 90         NA            NA                NA          15    2008-01-01
    ## 91         NA            NA                NA           8    2008-01-01
    ## 92         NA            NA                NA          13    2008-01-01
    ## 93         47             0                 0         103    2008-01-01
    ## 94         NA            NA                NA           5    2008-01-01
    ## 95         NA            NA                NA          14    2008-01-01
    ## 96         NA            NA                NA          32    2008-01-01
    ## 97         NA            NA                NA           7    2008-01-01
    ## 98         NA            NA                NA          12    2008-01-01
    ## 99         NA            NA                NA           6    2008-01-01
    ## 100        NA            NA                NA          23    2008-01-01
    ## 101        NA            NA                NA           4    2008-01-01
    ## 102        NA            NA                NA          32    2008-01-01
    ## 103        NA            NA                NA           9    2008-01-01
    ## 104        NA            NA                NA          20    2008-01-01
    ## 105        NA            NA                NA          22    2008-01-01
    ## 106         8             0                 0          28    2008-01-01
    ## 107        NA            NA                NA          12    2008-01-01
    ## 108        NA            NA                NA          24    2008-01-01
    ## 109        NA            NA                NA          12    2008-01-01
    ## 110        NA            NA                NA          26    2008-01-01
    ## 111         1             0                13          35    2008-01-01
    ## 112        NA            NA                NA          13    2008-01-01
    ## 113        NA            NA                NA           1    2008-01-01
    ## 114        NA            NA                NA          21    2008-01-01
    ## 115         0             0                40          86    2008-01-01
    ## 116        NA            NA                NA          19    2008-01-01
    ## 117        NA            NA                NA           5    2008-01-01
    ## 118        NA            NA                NA          23    2008-01-01
    ## 119        NA            NA                NA          17    2008-01-01
    ## 120        NA            NA                NA           8    2008-01-01
    ## 121        NA            NA                NA          17    2008-01-01
    ## 122        NA            NA                NA          14    2008-01-01
    ## 123        NA            NA                NA          18    2008-01-01
    ## 124         0             0                21          53    2008-01-01
    ## 125        NA            NA                NA          25    2008-01-01
    ## 126         0             0                27          56    2008-01-01
    ## 127        NA            NA                NA           3    2008-01-01
    ## 128        NA            NA                NA           9    2008-01-01
    ## 129         0             0                 0          59    2008-01-01
    ## 130         0             0                27         102    2008-01-01
    ## 131        NA            NA                NA          11    2008-01-01
    ## 132         0             0                54         104    2008-01-01
    ## 133         4             0                 0          54    2008-01-01
    ## 134        NA            NA                NA           7    2008-01-01
    ## 135         0             0                 0         151    2008-01-01
    ## 136         4             0                18          42    2008-01-01
    ## 137        NA            NA                NA           5    2008-01-01
    ## 138        NA            NA                NA           9    2008-01-01
    ## 139        NA            NA                NA          15    2008-01-01
    ## 140        NA            NA                NA          10    2008-01-01
    ## 141        NA            NA                NA           6    2008-01-01
    ## 142        NA            NA                NA           5    2008-01-01
    ## 143        NA            NA                NA           6    2008-01-01
    ## 144        NA            NA                NA          13    2008-01-01
    ## 145        NA            NA                NA          15    2008-01-01
    ## 146        NA            NA                NA          18    2008-01-01
    ## 147        NA            NA                NA           4    2008-01-01
    ## 148         0             0                14          45    2008-01-01
    ## 149         6             0                 0          50    2008-01-01
    ## 150        NA            NA                NA          22    2008-01-01
    ## 151         4             0                18          40    2008-01-01
    ## 152        NA            NA                NA          13    2008-01-01
    ## 153        NA            NA                NA          28    2008-01-01
    ## 154        NA            NA                NA          14    2008-01-01
    ## 155        20             0                 0          30    2008-01-01
    ## 156        17             0                 0         275    2008-01-01
    ## 157        NA            NA                NA          17    2008-01-01
    ## 158        NA            NA                NA           6    2008-01-01
    ## 159        NA            NA                NA          12    2008-01-01
    ## 160        NA            NA                NA          21    2008-01-01
    ## 161         0             0                37         140    2008-01-01
    ## 162        NA            NA                NA          33    2008-01-01
    ## 163        NA            NA                NA           7    2008-01-01
    ## 164        NA            NA                NA           7    2008-01-01
    ## 165        NA            NA                NA           8    2008-01-01
    ## 166        NA            NA                NA          23    2008-01-01
    ## 167        NA            NA                NA          21    2008-01-01
    ## 168        NA            NA                NA          28    2008-01-01
    ## 169         0             0                 0          60    2008-01-01
    ## 170         0             0                 0          40    2008-01-01
    ## 171         0             0                39          90    2008-01-01
    ## 172        NA            NA                NA          12    2008-01-01
    ## 173        NA            NA                NA          29    2008-01-01
    ## 174        NA            NA                NA          32    2008-01-01
    ## 175        NA            NA                NA           5    2008-01-01
    ## 176        NA            NA                NA          10    2008-01-01
    ## 177        NA            NA                NA           9    2008-01-01
    ## 178        14             0                 4          45    2008-01-01
    ## 179        NA            NA                NA          27    2008-01-01
    ## 180        NA            NA                NA          21    2008-01-01
    ## 181        NA            NA                NA          12    2008-01-01
    ## 182        NA            NA                NA          14    2008-01-01
    ## 183        NA            NA                NA          12    2008-01-01
    ## 184        NA            NA                NA           8    2008-01-01
    ## 185         9             6                 0          21    2008-01-01
    ## 186        NA            NA                NA          18    2008-01-01
    ## 187        59             0                 0          79    2008-01-01
    ## 188        NA            NA                NA          20    2008-01-01
    ## 189        NA            NA                NA           6    2008-01-01
    ## 190         0             0                66         146    2008-01-01
    ## 191         0             0                21          49    2008-01-01
    ## 192        NA            NA                NA          12    2008-01-01
    ## 193        NA            NA                NA          10    2008-01-01
    ## 194         7             0                26          79    2008-01-01
    ## 195        NA            NA                NA           8    2008-01-01
    ## 196        NA            NA                NA           7    2008-01-01
    ## 197        NA            NA                NA           1    2008-01-01
    ## 198         0             0               121         257    2008-01-01
    ## 199        NA            NA                NA          19    2008-01-01
    ## 200         6             0                 0          74    2008-01-01
    ## 201         0             0                21          96    2008-01-01
    ## 202        NA            NA                NA          30    2008-01-01
    ## 203         0             0                54         136    2008-01-01
    ## 204       122             0                 0         201    2008-01-01
    ## 205        NA            NA                NA           6    2008-01-01
    ## 206        NA            NA                NA          13    2008-01-01
    ## 207        NA            NA                NA          10    2008-01-01
    ## 208        NA            NA                NA          11    2008-01-01
    ## 209        NA            NA                NA          39    2008-01-01
    ## 210        NA            NA                NA           8    2008-01-01
    ## 211        17             6                 0          29    2008-01-01
    ## 212        NA            NA                NA           4    2008-01-01
    ## 213        12             0                 0          72    2008-01-01
    ## 214        NA            NA                NA           9    2008-01-01
    ## 215        NA            NA                NA          12    2008-01-01
    ## 216         0             0                28          80    2008-01-01
    ## 217        NA            NA                NA          14    2008-01-01
    ## 218        NA            NA                NA          14    2008-01-01
    ## 219         7             0                 0         261    2008-01-01
    ## 220         9             0                 0          35    2008-01-01
    ## 221        NA            NA                NA           8    2008-01-01
    ## 222        NA            NA                NA          15    2008-01-01
    ## 223        NA            NA                NA          13    2008-01-01
    ## 224         0             0                60         123    2008-01-01
    ## 225         0             0                 0         101    2008-01-01
    ## 226        NA            NA                NA          39    2008-01-01
    ## 227        NA            NA                NA          34    2008-01-01
    ## 228        NA            NA                NA          18    2008-01-01
    ## 229        NA            NA                NA          38    2008-01-01
    ## 230        NA            NA                NA           2    2008-01-01
    ## 231        NA            NA                NA          28    2008-01-01
    ## 232         0             0                36          79    2008-01-01
    ## 233         0             0                 0         104    2008-01-01
    ## 234        NA            NA                NA           9    2008-01-01
    ## 235        NA            NA                NA           3    2008-01-01
    ## 236         0             0                79         195    2008-01-01
    ## 237         0             0                43         124    2008-01-01
    ## 238        41             0                15          89    2008-01-01
    ## 239         0             0                 8          38    2008-01-01
    ## 240        NA            NA                NA          14    2008-01-01
    ## 241         0             0               100         203    2008-01-01
    ## 242        20             0                 0          90    2008-01-01
    ## 243         0             0                15          37    2008-01-01
    ## 244        NA            NA                NA          26    2008-01-01
    ## 245        69             0                 0         243    2008-01-01
    ## 246         8             0                 0         228    2008-01-01
    ## 247         1             0                52         125    2008-01-01
    ## 248        NA            NA                NA          35    2008-01-01
    ## 249         0             0                23          70    2008-01-01
    ## 250        NA            NA                NA          NA    2008-01-01
    ## 251        NA            NA                NA          NA    2008-01-01
    ## 252        NA            NA                NA          NA    2008-01-01
    ## 253        NA            NA                NA          NA    2008-01-01
    ## 254        NA            NA                NA          NA    2008-01-01
    ## 255        NA            NA                NA          NA    2008-01-01
    ## 256        NA            NA                NA           7    2008-01-02
    ## 257        20             0                 0          22    2008-01-02
    ## 258        NA            NA                NA           6    2008-01-02
    ## 259        NA            NA                NA          11    2008-01-02
    ## 260        NA            NA                NA           6    2008-01-02
    ## 261        NA            NA                NA           7    2008-01-02
    ## 262        21             0                 0          24    2008-01-02
    ## 263        NA            NA                NA           7    2008-01-02
    ## 264        28             0                 0          28    2008-01-02
    ## 265        10             0                 0          88    2008-01-02
    ## 266        NA            NA                NA           7    2008-01-02
    ## 267        NA            NA                NA           6    2008-01-02
    ## 268        NA            NA                NA           5    2008-01-02
    ## 269        NA            NA                NA           3    2008-01-02
    ## 270        NA            NA                NA           3    2008-01-02
    ## 271        NA            NA                NA          20    2008-01-02
    ## 272        22             0                 0          27    2008-01-02
    ## 273        NA            NA                NA          14    2008-01-02
    ## 274        NA            NA                NA          13    2008-01-02
    ## 275        NA            NA                NA           9    2008-01-02
    ## 276        NA            NA                NA          35    2008-01-02
    ## 277        NA            NA                NA           5    2008-01-02
    ## 278        NA            NA                NA          13    2008-01-02
    ## 279        NA            NA                NA           7    2008-01-02
    ## 280        NA            NA                NA          24    2008-01-02
    ## 281        NA            NA                NA          17    2008-01-02
    ## 282        NA            NA                NA          13    2008-01-02
    ## 283        15             0                 0          18    2008-01-02
    ## 284        NA            NA                NA           5    2008-01-02
    ## 285        NA            NA                NA          14    2008-01-02
    ## 286        NA            NA                NA          14    2008-01-02
    ## 287        NA            NA                NA           2    2008-01-02
    ## 288        NA            NA                NA          22    2008-01-02
    ## 289        NA            NA                NA          14    2008-01-02
    ## 290        NA            NA                NA          32    2008-01-02
    ## 291        NA            NA                NA          13    2008-01-02
    ## 292        NA            NA                NA          10    2008-01-02
    ## 293        NA            NA                NA          12    2008-01-02
    ## 294         0             0                 0         175    2008-01-02
    ## 295        NA            NA                NA           7    2008-01-02
    ## 296        NA            NA                NA           7    2008-01-02
    ## 297        NA            NA                NA           4    2008-01-02
    ## 298         0             0                33          78    2008-01-02
    ## 299        NA            NA                NA           8    2008-01-02
    ## 300        NA            NA                NA          15    2008-01-02
    ## 301        NA            NA                NA          19    2008-01-02
    ## 302        NA            NA                NA          19    2008-01-02
    ## 303        NA            NA                NA           7    2008-01-02
    ## 304        NA            NA                NA           3    2008-01-02
    ## 305        NA            NA                NA           9    2008-01-02
    ## 306        NA            NA                NA           2    2008-01-02
    ## 307        NA            NA                NA          13    2008-01-02
    ## 308        NA            NA                NA          19    2008-01-02
    ## 309        NA            NA                NA           5    2008-01-02
    ## 310        NA            NA                NA           4    2008-01-02
    ## 311        NA            NA                NA          16    2008-01-02
    ## 312        NA            NA                NA           5    2008-01-02
    ## 313         0             0                15          35    2008-01-02
    ## 314        NA            NA                NA           0    2008-01-02
    ## 315        NA            NA                NA          29    2008-01-02
    ## 316        NA            NA                NA          18    2008-01-02
    ## 317        NA            NA                NA           1    2008-01-02
    ## 318        NA            NA                NA           8    2008-01-02
    ## 319         0             0                 0         102    2008-01-02
    ## 320        NA            NA                NA          22    2008-01-02
    ## 321        NA            NA                NA          16    2008-01-02
    ## 322        NA            NA                NA          15    2008-01-02
    ## 323        NA            NA                NA          17    2008-01-02
    ## 324        NA            NA                NA          23    2008-01-02
    ## 325        NA            NA                NA          12    2008-01-02
    ## 326         0             0                 8          31    2008-01-02
    ## 327        NA            NA                NA          13    2008-01-02
    ## 328        NA            NA                NA           9    2008-01-02
    ## 329        NA            NA                NA          18    2008-01-02
    ## 330        NA            NA                NA          25    2008-01-02
    ## 331        NA            NA                NA          25    2008-01-02
    ## 332        NA            NA                NA           8    2008-01-02
    ## 333         2             0                 0          42    2008-01-02
    ## 334        NA            NA                NA          12    2008-01-02
    ## 335        NA            NA                NA          25    2008-01-02
    ## 336         3             0                 0          55    2008-01-02
    ## 337        NA            NA                NA          21    2008-01-02
    ## 338        NA            NA                NA           1    2008-01-02
    ## 339        NA            NA                NA          11    2008-01-02
    ## 340        NA            NA                NA           6    2008-01-02
    ## 341        37             0                 0          87    2008-01-02
    ## 342        NA            NA                NA          11    2008-01-02
    ## 343         0             0                 0         107    2008-01-02
    ## 344        NA            NA                NA          14    2008-01-02
    ## 345        NA            NA                NA           9    2008-01-02
    ## 346        NA            NA                NA          16    2008-01-02
    ## 347        26             0                 0          31    2008-01-02
    ## 348        NA            NA                NA           4    2008-01-02
    ## 349        NA            NA                NA           1    2008-01-02
    ## 350        NA            NA                NA           7    2008-01-02
    ## 351        NA            NA                NA           8    2008-01-02
    ## 352        NA            NA                NA           9    2008-01-02
    ## 353        NA            NA                NA           7    2008-01-02
    ## 354        NA            NA                NA           3    2008-01-02
    ## 355         0             0                28          72    2008-01-02
    ## 356        15             0                 0          15    2008-01-02
    ## 357        NA            NA                NA           8    2008-01-02
    ## 358        NA            NA                NA           9    2008-01-02
    ## 359        NA            NA                NA          13    2008-01-02
    ## 360         0             0                10          33    2008-01-02
    ## 361        NA            NA                NA          20    2008-01-02
    ## 362         0             0                55         110    2008-01-02
    ## 363        NA            NA                NA           2    2008-01-02
    ## 364        NA            NA                NA          10    2008-01-02
    ## 365        NA            NA                NA          17    2008-01-02
    ## 366        NA            NA                NA          27    2008-01-02
    ## 367        NA            NA                NA          13    2008-01-02
    ## 368        NA            NA                NA           6    2008-01-02
    ## 369        NA            NA                NA           2    2008-01-02
    ## 370        22             0                 0          25    2008-01-02
    ## 371        NA            NA                NA          10    2008-01-02
    ## 372         0             0                17          40    2008-01-02
    ## 373        NA            NA                NA          33    2008-01-02
    ## 374         1             0                45         113    2008-01-02
    ## 375        NA            NA                NA          37    2008-01-02
    ## 376        NA            NA                NA          40    2008-01-02
    ## 377        73             0                 0          93    2008-01-02
    ## 378        NA            NA                NA           8    2008-01-02
    ## 379         0             0                43          86    2008-01-02
    ## 380        19             0                 0          19    2008-01-02
    ## 381        NA            NA                NA          25    2008-01-02
    ## 382        NA            NA                NA           3    2008-01-02
    ## 383        23             0                 0         169    2008-01-02
    ## 384        NA            NA                NA          19    2008-01-02
    ## 385         0             0                38          77    2008-01-02
    ## 386        NA            NA                NA           5    2008-01-02
    ## 387        NA            NA                NA          19    2008-01-02
    ## 388        NA            NA                NA          21    2008-01-02
    ## 389        NA            NA                NA          29    2008-01-02
    ## 390        NA            NA                NA          14    2008-01-02
    ## 391        NA            NA                NA           1    2008-01-02
    ## 392        NA            NA                NA          11    2008-01-02
    ## 393        NA            NA                NA          20    2008-01-02
    ## 394        NA            NA                NA           9    2008-01-02
    ## 395        NA            NA                NA          18    2008-01-02
    ## 396        NA            NA                NA          20    2008-01-02
    ## 397        23             0                 0         195    2008-01-02
    ## 398        NA            NA                NA          25    2008-01-02
    ## 399         0             0                17          72    2008-01-02
    ## 400        15             0                37          89    2008-01-02
    ## 401        NA            NA                NA           4    2008-01-02
    ## 402        NA            NA                NA          17    2008-01-02
    ## 403        NA            NA                NA          29    2008-01-02
    ## 404         1             0                15          31    2008-01-02
    ## 405        NA            NA                NA           3    2008-01-02
    ## 406        NA            NA                NA          13    2008-01-02
    ## 407         7             0                 0         137    2008-01-02
    ## 408        NA            NA                NA          17    2008-01-02
    ## 409        NA            NA                NA           6    2008-01-02
    ## 410         0             0                 9          36    2008-01-02
    ## 411         0             0                 0          72    2008-01-02
    ## 412        NA            NA                NA          24    2008-01-02
    ## 413        NA            NA                NA           5    2008-01-02
    ## 414        NA            NA                NA          19    2008-01-02
    ## 415        NA            NA                NA          29    2008-01-02
    ## 416         0             0                 0          38    2008-01-02
    ## 417        NA            NA                NA          18    2008-01-02
    ## 418        NA            NA                NA           2    2008-01-02
    ## 419        NA            NA                NA           5    2008-01-02
    ## 420        NA            NA                NA          40    2008-01-02
    ## 421        NA            NA                NA           5    2008-01-02
    ## 422        NA            NA                NA          17    2008-01-02
    ## 423         0             0                17          44    2008-01-02
    ## 424         0             0                44          91    2008-01-02
    ## 425        NA            NA                NA          30    2008-01-02
    ## 426        NA            NA                NA          22    2008-01-02
    ## 427        NA            NA                NA          35    2008-01-02
    ## 428         5             0                14          33    2008-01-02
    ## 429        13             0                49         111    2008-01-02
    ## 430        NA            NA                NA           9    2008-01-02
    ## 431        13             0                15          57    2008-01-02
    ## 432         0             0                41         109    2008-01-02
    ## 433         0             0                29         111    2008-01-02
    ## 434         0             4                15          42    2008-01-02
    ## 435         0             0                 0          45    2008-01-02
    ## 436        NA            NA                NA          12    2008-01-02
    ## 437        NA            NA                NA           9    2008-01-02
    ## 438        NA            NA                NA          15    2008-01-02
    ## 439        NA            NA                NA          12    2008-01-02
    ## 440        NA            NA                NA           5    2008-01-02
    ## 441         0             0                 0         257    2008-01-02
    ## 442        NA            NA                NA          16    2008-01-02
    ## 443        NA            NA                NA          29    2008-01-02
    ## 444        NA            NA                NA          27    2008-01-02
    ## 445        NA            NA                NA           6    2008-01-02
    ## 446        NA            NA                NA          15    2008-01-02
    ## 447        NA            NA                NA          11    2008-01-02
    ## 448        NA            NA                NA           2    2008-01-02
    ## 449         0             0                11          52    2008-01-02
    ## 450        NA            NA                NA          16    2008-01-02
    ## 451        NA            NA                NA          11    2008-01-02
    ## 452        NA            NA                NA          16    2008-01-02
    ## 453        NA            NA                NA           4    2008-01-02
    ## 454        16             0                 0          21    2008-01-02
    ## 455        NA            NA                NA          18    2008-01-02
    ## 456        NA            NA                NA          13    2008-01-02
    ## 457         0             0                13          60    2008-01-02
    ## 458        NA            NA                NA           3    2008-01-02
    ## 459         0             0                12          48    2008-01-02
    ## 460        NA            NA                NA           8    2008-01-02
    ## 461        NA            NA                NA           7    2008-01-02
    ## 462        50             0                17         110    2008-01-02
    ## 463        NA            NA                NA          28    2008-01-02
    ## 464        NA            NA                NA           4    2008-01-02
    ## 465        NA            NA                NA          12    2008-01-02
    ## 466        NA            NA                NA          13    2008-01-02
    ## 467        NA            NA                NA          10    2008-01-02
    ## 468        NA            NA                NA          26    2008-01-02
    ## 469         0             0                12          64    2008-01-02
    ## 470         6             0                 0          28    2008-01-02
    ## 471        NA            NA                NA          22    2008-01-02
    ## 472         8             0                 0         252    2008-01-02
    ## 473        NA            NA                NA           8    2008-01-02
    ## 474        NA            NA                NA          30    2008-01-02
    ## 475         0             0                40         109    2008-01-02
    ## 476        NA            NA                NA          16    2008-01-02
    ## 477         0             0                20          58    2008-01-02
    ## 478         0             0                70         155    2008-01-02
    ## 479         0             0                 0          77    2008-01-02
    ## 480        NA            NA                NA          13    2008-01-02
    ## 481        NA            NA                NA          16    2008-01-02
    ## 482        45             0                 7          63    2008-01-02
    ## 483        NA            NA                NA           1    2008-01-02
    ## 484        NA            NA                NA           5    2008-01-02
    ## 485        18             0                 0          39    2008-01-02
    ## 486        NA            NA                NA           9    2008-01-02
    ## 487         0             0                 0         276    2008-01-02
    ## 488        NA            NA                NA           7    2008-01-02
    ## 489         0             0                42          80    2008-01-02
    ## 490        NA            NA                NA          39    2008-01-02
    ## 491        NA            NA                NA          17    2008-01-02
    ## 492         0             0                19          54    2008-01-02
    ## 493        NA            NA                NA          21    2008-01-02
    ## 494        NA            NA                NA          12    2008-01-02
    ## 495        NA            NA                NA           6    2008-01-02
    ## 496        NA            NA                NA          29    2008-01-02
    ## 497        88             0                 0         158    2008-01-02
    ## 498        NA            NA                NA          14    2008-01-02
    ## 499        NA            NA                NA           7    2008-01-02
    ## 500        NA            NA                NA          11    2008-01-02
    ## 501         0             0                60         129    2008-01-02
    ## 502        NA            NA                NA          13    2008-01-02
    ## 503         1             0                14          67    2008-01-02
    ## 504         0             0                30          60    2008-01-02
    ## 505         0             0                 4         167    2008-01-02
    ## 506        NA            NA                NA          19    2008-01-02
    ## 507        14             0                 6          26    2008-01-02
    ## 508         9             0                 8          43    2008-01-02
    ## 509        18             0                 0          20    2008-01-02
    ## 510        NA            NA                NA          12    2008-01-02
    ## 511        NA            NA                NA          15    2008-01-02
    ## 512        NA            NA                NA          18    2008-01-02
    ## 513        NA            NA                NA          25    2008-01-02
    ## 514        NA            NA                NA           5    2008-01-02
    ## 515        NA            NA                NA          19    2008-01-02
    ## 516        NA            NA                NA          31    2008-01-02
    ## 517         0             0                19          50    2008-01-02
    ## 518         0             0                27          27    2008-01-02
    ## 519        NA            NA                NA          16    2008-01-02
    ## 520        NA            NA                NA          24    2008-01-02
    ## 521        NA            NA                NA          30    2008-01-02
    ## 522        NA            NA                NA          17    2008-01-02
    ## 523         0             0                16          41    2008-01-02
    ## 524         0             0                60         132    2008-01-02
    ## 525        NA            NA                NA          25    2008-01-02
    ## 526         0             0                18         123    2008-01-02
    ## 527        NA            NA                NA          21    2008-01-02
    ## 528         4             0                72         348    2008-01-02
    ## 529         0             0                 0         119    2008-01-02
    ## 530         4             0                44         364    2008-01-02
    ## 531        NA            NA                NA          13    2008-01-02
    ## 532        28             0                 0          36    2008-01-02
    ## 533        NA            NA                NA          18    2008-01-02
    ## 534         0             0                27         136    2008-01-02
    ## 535         0             0                55         128    2008-01-02
    ## 536         0             0                31          70    2008-01-02
    ## 537         0             0                40          95    2008-01-02
    ## 538        20             0                 5         104    2008-01-02
    ## 539         0             0                18          44    2008-01-02
    ## 540         0             0               105         221    2008-01-02
    ## 541         2             0                 0          54    2008-01-02
    ## 542         0             0                75         205    2008-01-02
    ## 543        17             0                60         137    2008-01-02
    ## 544         0             0                 0          64    2008-01-02
    ## 545         0             0                10         226    2008-01-02
    ## 546        20             0                92         237    2008-01-02
    ## 547        NA            NA                NA          18    2008-01-02
    ## 548         0             0                18         293    2008-01-02
    ## 549         5             0                 0          29    2008-01-02
    ## 550         0             0                 4         162    2008-01-02
    ## 551         0             0                60         148    2008-01-02
    ## 552        NA            NA                NA          NA    2008-01-02
    ## 553        NA            NA                NA          NA    2008-01-02
    ## 554        NA            NA                NA          NA    2008-01-02
    ## 555        NA            NA                NA          NA    2008-01-02
    ## 556        NA            NA                NA          10    2008-01-03
    ## 557        NA            NA                NA           5    2008-01-03
    ## 558        NA            NA                NA           5    2008-01-03
    ## 559        NA            NA                NA          24    2008-01-03
    ## 560        NA            NA                NA          17    2008-01-03
    ## 561        NA            NA                NA           6    2008-01-03
    ## 562        46             0                 0          48    2008-01-03
    ## 563        NA            NA                NA          13    2008-01-03
    ## 564        NA            NA                NA           8    2008-01-03
    ## 565        NA            NA                NA          14    2008-01-03
    ## 566        NA            NA                NA           5    2008-01-03
    ## 567        20             0                 0          22    2008-01-03
    ## 568        NA            NA                NA           5    2008-01-03
    ## 569        NA            NA                NA           1    2008-01-03
    ## 570        NA            NA                NA           5    2008-01-03
    ## 571        NA            NA                NA          12    2008-01-03
    ## 572        NA            NA                NA           7    2008-01-03
    ## 573        NA            NA                NA           5    2008-01-03
    ## 574        NA            NA                NA           6    2008-01-03
    ## 575        NA            NA                NA          10    2008-01-03
    ## 576        NA            NA                NA          21    2008-01-03
    ## 577        NA            NA                NA          11    2008-01-03
    ## 578        NA            NA                NA          25    2008-01-03
    ## 579        NA            NA                NA           9    2008-01-03
    ## 580        NA            NA                NA           6    2008-01-03
    ## 581        NA            NA                NA          12    2008-01-03
    ## 582        NA            NA                NA           3    2008-01-03
    ## 583        NA            NA                NA           2    2008-01-03
    ## 584        NA            NA                NA           9    2008-01-03
    ## 585        NA            NA                NA          13    2008-01-03
    ## 586        NA            NA                NA          18    2008-01-03
    ## 587        NA            NA                NA           6    2008-01-03
    ## 588        NA            NA                NA          11    2008-01-03
    ## 589        NA            NA                NA          10    2008-01-03
    ## 590        NA            NA                NA          21    2008-01-03
    ## 591        NA            NA                NA           5    2008-01-03
    ## 592        NA            NA                NA          18    2008-01-03
    ## 593        NA            NA                NA          10    2008-01-03
    ## 594        NA            NA                NA           4    2008-01-03
    ## 595        NA            NA                NA           7    2008-01-03
    ## 596        NA            NA                NA           2    2008-01-03
    ## 597        NA            NA                NA          14    2008-01-03
    ## 598        45             0                 0          47    2008-01-03
    ## 599        NA            NA                NA          32    2008-01-03
    ## 600        NA            NA                NA           4    2008-01-03
    ## 601        NA            NA                NA          21    2008-01-03
    ## 602        NA            NA                NA          40    2008-01-03
    ## 603        NA            NA                NA          20    2008-01-03
    ## 604        NA            NA                NA          11    2008-01-03
    ## 605        NA            NA                NA           2    2008-01-03
    ## 606        NA            NA                NA          21    2008-01-03
    ## 607        NA            NA                NA          12    2008-01-03
    ## 608        NA            NA                NA          19    2008-01-03
    ## 609        NA            NA                NA          10    2008-01-03
    ## 610        NA            NA                NA          11    2008-01-03
    ## 611        NA            NA                NA          16    2008-01-03
    ## 612        NA            NA                NA           5    2008-01-03
    ## 613        NA            NA                NA           7    2008-01-03
    ## 614        NA            NA                NA           7    2008-01-03
    ## 615        NA            NA                NA          12    2008-01-03
    ## 616        NA            NA                NA          17    2008-01-03
    ## 617         0             0                 0          67    2008-01-03
    ## 618         0             0                 0          60    2008-01-03
    ## 619        NA            NA                NA          14    2008-01-03
    ## 620        NA            NA                NA          29    2008-01-03
    ## 621        NA            NA                NA           9    2008-01-03
    ## 622        NA            NA                NA           7    2008-01-03
    ## 623        NA            NA                NA          10    2008-01-03
    ## 624        NA            NA                NA          35    2008-01-03
    ## 625        NA            NA                NA          19    2008-01-03
    ## 626        45             0                 0          45    2008-01-03
    ## 627        19             0                 0          31    2008-01-03
    ## 628        NA            NA                NA          10    2008-01-03
    ## 629        NA            NA                NA          23    2008-01-03
    ## 630         2             0                 0          32    2008-01-03
    ## 631         0             0                32          93    2008-01-03
    ## 632        NA            NA                NA           7    2008-01-03
    ## 633        NA            NA                NA          11    2008-01-03
    ## 634         0             0                 2          56    2008-01-03
    ## 635        NA            NA                NA          30    2008-01-03
    ## 636        NA            NA                NA           7    2008-01-03
    ## 637        NA            NA                NA          16    2008-01-03
    ## 638        NA            NA                NA           5    2008-01-03
    ## 639        NA            NA                NA          15    2008-01-03
    ## 640        NA            NA                NA          13    2008-01-03
    ## 641        NA            NA                NA          24    2008-01-03
    ## 642         0             0                39         103    2008-01-03
    ## 643        NA            NA                NA          10    2008-01-03
    ## 644        NA            NA                NA           8    2008-01-03
    ## 645        NA            NA                NA          20    2008-01-03
    ## 646        NA            NA                NA          12    2008-01-03
    ## 647        NA            NA                NA          62    2008-01-03
    ## 648         0             0                 0         115    2008-01-03
    ## 649         0             0                17          43    2008-01-03
    ## 650        NA            NA                NA          10    2008-01-03
    ## 651        NA            NA                NA          19    2008-01-03
    ## 652        NA            NA                NA          11    2008-01-03
    ## 653         0             0                11          50    2008-01-03
    ## 654        NA            NA                NA          12    2008-01-03
    ## 655         0             0                 0          55    2008-01-03
    ## 656        NA            NA                NA           4    2008-01-03
    ## 657        NA            NA                NA          10    2008-01-03
    ## 658        NA            NA                NA           9    2008-01-03
    ## 659        NA            NA                NA           6    2008-01-03
    ## 660        NA            NA                NA           7    2008-01-03
    ## 661        NA            NA                NA           7    2008-01-03
    ## 662         4             0                40          86    2008-01-03
    ## 663        NA            NA                NA          12    2008-01-03
    ## 664        NA            NA                NA           4    2008-01-03
    ## 665        NA            NA                NA           5    2008-01-03
    ## 666         4             0                24          60    2008-01-03
    ## 667        NA            NA                NA          15    2008-01-03
    ## 668        NA            NA                NA           7    2008-01-03
    ## 669        NA            NA                NA          17    2008-01-03
    ## 670        NA            NA                NA           7    2008-01-03
    ## 671        NA            NA                NA           4    2008-01-03
    ## 672        NA            NA                NA          17    2008-01-03
    ## 673        NA            NA                NA          14    2008-01-03
    ## 674        NA            NA                NA          11    2008-01-03
    ## 675        52             0                 0         142    2008-01-03
    ## 676        18             0                 0          52    2008-01-03
    ## 677         0             0                 0          79    2008-01-03
    ## 678        10             0                18          78    2008-01-03
    ## 679        NA            NA                NA           8    2008-01-03
    ## 680        NA            NA                NA           8    2008-01-03
    ## 681        NA            NA                NA          11    2008-01-03
    ## 682         2             0                11          32    2008-01-03
    ## 683        NA            NA                NA           9    2008-01-03
    ## 684         4             0                 0          78    2008-01-03
    ## 685        NA            NA                NA          34    2008-01-03
    ## 686        NA            NA                NA          15    2008-01-03
    ## 687         0             0                 0          41    2008-01-03
    ## 688        NA            NA                NA          21    2008-01-03
    ## 689        NA            NA                NA           6    2008-01-03
    ## 690        NA            NA                NA           2    2008-01-03
    ## 691        NA            NA                NA          20    2008-01-03
    ## 692        NA            NA                NA           9    2008-01-03
    ## 693        NA            NA                NA          10    2008-01-03
    ## 694        NA            NA                NA          16    2008-01-03
    ## 695        NA            NA                NA          15    2008-01-03
    ## 696        NA            NA                NA           2    2008-01-03
    ## 697        NA            NA                NA          12    2008-01-03
    ## 698        NA            NA                NA          30    2008-01-03
    ## 699         4             0                26          56    2008-01-03
    ## 700        NA            NA                NA          20    2008-01-03
    ## 701        NA            NA                NA           9    2008-01-03
    ## 702        NA            NA                NA           5    2008-01-03
    ## 703        NA            NA                NA          15    2008-01-03
    ## 704        NA            NA                NA           8    2008-01-03
    ## 705         0             0                31          32    2008-01-03
    ## 706        NA            NA                NA          14    2008-01-03
    ## 707        NA            NA                NA           5    2008-01-03
    ## 708        NA            NA                NA          10    2008-01-03
    ## 709         0             0                 0         164    2008-01-03
    ## 710        NA            NA                NA          15    2008-01-03
    ## 711        NA            NA                NA           5    2008-01-03
    ## 712        NA            NA                NA          25    2008-01-03
    ## 713        NA            NA                NA           5    2008-01-03
    ## 714         0             0                 0         105    2008-01-03
    ## 715        NA            NA                NA           6    2008-01-03
    ## 716         0             0                 0          50    2008-01-03
    ## 717        NA            NA                NA          24    2008-01-03
    ## 718         0             0                 0          61    2008-01-03
    ## 719        NA            NA                NA          27    2008-01-03
    ## 720        NA            NA                NA          15    2008-01-03
    ## 721        11             0                13          41    2008-01-03
    ## 722         0             0                17          60    2008-01-03
    ## 723        NA            NA                NA           9    2008-01-03
    ## 724        NA            NA                NA          32    2008-01-03
    ## 725         0             0                 0          60    2008-01-03
    ## 726        NA            NA                NA          10    2008-01-03
    ## 727        NA            NA                NA          12    2008-01-03
    ## 728        NA            NA                NA          24    2008-01-03
    ## 729        NA            NA                NA           1    2008-01-03
    ## 730        NA            NA                NA          14    2008-01-03
    ## 731        NA            NA                NA           6    2008-01-03
    ## 732        NA            NA                NA           2    2008-01-03
    ## 733        NA            NA                NA          29    2008-01-03
    ## 734        NA            NA                NA           7    2008-01-03
    ## 735        10             0                 1          54    2008-01-03
    ## 736         4             0                 9          30    2008-01-03
    ## 737        NA            NA                NA           8    2008-01-03
    ## 738         0             0                23          71    2008-01-03
    ## 739        NA            NA                NA           9    2008-01-03
    ## 740        NA            NA                NA          14    2008-01-03
    ## 741         0             0                18          36    2008-01-03
    ## 742         0             0                 0          44    2008-01-03
    ## 743        NA            NA                NA           2    2008-01-03
    ## 744        NA            NA                NA          12    2008-01-03
    ## 745        NA            NA                NA          22    2008-01-03
    ## 746         0             0                 8          49    2008-01-03
    ## 747        NA            NA                NA          18    2008-01-03
    ## 748        NA            NA                NA          22    2008-01-03
    ## 749        NA            NA                NA           4    2008-01-03
    ## 750        NA            NA                NA           6    2008-01-03
    ## 751         0             0                46          99    2008-01-03
    ## 752        NA            NA                NA          35    2008-01-03
    ## 753        NA            NA                NA          10    2008-01-03
    ## 754        NA            NA                NA          17    2008-01-03
    ## 755        NA            NA                NA          22    2008-01-03
    ## 756        NA            NA                NA          11    2008-01-03
    ## 757        NA            NA                NA           4    2008-01-03
    ## 758        NA            NA                NA          21    2008-01-03
    ## 759         0             0                 0          66    2008-01-03
    ## 760         0             0                 0          41    2008-01-03
    ## 761        NA            NA                NA          20    2008-01-03
    ## 762        NA            NA                NA           5    2008-01-03
    ## 763        NA            NA                NA           8    2008-01-03
    ## 764        NA            NA                NA          17    2008-01-03
    ## 765         0             0                18          51    2008-01-03
    ## 766         0             0                64         131    2008-01-03
    ## 767        NA            NA                NA          14    2008-01-03
    ## 768        NA            NA                NA          11    2008-01-03
    ## 769         0             0                30          51    2008-01-03
    ## 770         0             0                35          77    2008-01-03
    ## 771        NA            NA                NA           7    2008-01-03
    ## 772         4             0                17          45    2008-01-03
    ## 773        NA            NA                NA           8    2008-01-03
    ## 774        NA            NA                NA           5    2008-01-03
    ## 775        NA            NA                NA           4    2008-01-03
    ## 776        NA            NA                NA           3    2008-01-03
    ## 777        NA            NA                NA          20    2008-01-03
    ## 778        NA            NA                NA           3    2008-01-03
    ## 779        NA            NA                NA           3    2008-01-03
    ## 780        NA            NA                NA          18    2008-01-03
    ## 781        NA            NA                NA           3    2008-01-03
    ## 782        NA            NA                NA           8    2008-01-03
    ## 783        34             0                 4          50    2008-01-03
    ## 784         0             0                31          52    2008-01-03
    ## 785        NA            NA                NA          28    2008-01-03
    ## 786        NA            NA                NA           5    2008-01-03
    ## 787        NA            NA                NA           5    2008-01-03
    ## 788        NA            NA                NA           8    2008-01-03
    ## 789         0             0                15          55    2008-01-03
    ## 790        NA            NA                NA          19    2008-01-03
    ## 791        NA            NA                NA           7    2008-01-03
    ## 792        27             0                 0          31    2008-01-03
    ## 793         0             0                23          53    2008-01-03
    ## 794         0             0                27          71    2008-01-03
    ## 795        NA            NA                NA          80    2008-01-03
    ## 796        NA            NA                NA          21    2008-01-03
    ## 797        NA            NA                NA          15    2008-01-03
    ## 798         2             0                56         120    2008-01-03
    ## 799         0             0                17          39    2008-01-03
    ## 800        NA            NA                NA          17    2008-01-03
    ## 801        NA            NA                NA          11    2008-01-03
    ## 802        14             0                 4          33    2008-01-03
    ## 803        NA            NA                NA          29    2008-01-03
    ## 804         9             0                 7          43    2008-01-03
    ## 805        NA            NA                NA           6    2008-01-03
    ## 806        NA            NA                NA          19    2008-01-03
    ## 807        NA            NA                NA          14    2008-01-03
    ## 808        NA            NA                NA          13    2008-01-03
    ## 809        NA            NA                NA          24    2008-01-03
    ## 810        NA            NA                NA           5    2008-01-03
    ## 811        NA            NA                NA          29    2008-01-03
    ## 812        NA            NA                NA          11    2008-01-03
    ## 813        NA            NA                NA          10    2008-01-03
    ## 814        NA            NA                NA          13    2008-01-03
    ## 815         0             0                 2          65    2008-01-03
    ## 816         0             0                28          61    2008-01-03
    ## 817        NA            NA                NA          19    2008-01-03
    ## 818        NA            NA                NA          21    2008-01-03
    ## 819        NA            NA                NA          14    2008-01-03
    ## 820        NA            NA                NA          28    2008-01-03
    ## 821        NA            NA                NA          20    2008-01-03
    ## 822         0             0                 7          37    2008-01-03
    ## 823        NA            NA                NA          14    2008-01-03
    ## 824        NA            NA                NA          25    2008-01-03
    ## 825        15             0                18          51    2008-01-03
    ## 826        NA            NA                NA          11    2008-01-03
    ## 827         0             0                14          43    2008-01-03
    ## 828         0             0                 0         147    2008-01-03
    ## 829        NA            NA                NA           2    2008-01-03
    ## 830         0             0                22          50    2008-01-03
    ## 831         0             0                 5          73    2008-01-03
    ## 832        NA            NA                NA          18    2008-01-03
    ## 833         0             0                17          62    2008-01-03
    ## 834        NA            NA                NA          20    2008-01-03
    ## 835        NA            NA                NA          13    2008-01-03
    ## 836        NA            NA                NA          16    2008-01-03
    ## 837        NA            NA                NA          15    2008-01-03
    ## 838        NA            NA                NA          23    2008-01-03
    ## 839         0             0                31         117    2008-01-03
    ## 840        NA            NA                NA          13    2008-01-03
    ## 841        10             0                 0          30    2008-01-03
    ## 842        NA            NA                NA          16    2008-01-03
    ## 843         0             0                22          52    2008-01-03
    ## 844        NA            NA                NA          25    2008-01-03
    ## 845        36             0                 9         124    2008-01-03
    ## 846         0             0                86         182    2008-01-03
    ## 847        NA            NA                NA          12    2008-01-03
    ## 848        NA            NA                NA           9    2008-01-03
    ## 849        NA            NA                NA          NA    2008-01-03
    ## 850        NA            NA                NA          NA    2008-01-03
    ## 851        NA            NA                NA          NA    2008-01-03
    ## 852        NA            NA                NA          NA    2008-01-03
    ## 853        NA            NA                NA          NA    2008-01-03
    ## 854        NA            NA                NA          NA    2008-01-03
    ## 855        NA            NA                NA           8    2008-01-04
    ## 856        NA            NA                NA           7    2008-01-04
    ## 857        31             0                 0          37    2008-01-04
    ## 858        27             0                 0          29    2008-01-04
    ## 859        NA            NA                NA           0    2008-01-04
    ## 860        NA            NA                NA          10    2008-01-04
    ## 861        NA            NA                NA           9    2008-01-04
    ## 862        NA            NA                NA           8    2008-01-04
    ## 863        NA            NA                NA          15    2008-01-04
    ## 864        12             0                 0          50    2008-01-04
    ## 865        NA            NA                NA          16    2008-01-04
    ## 866        NA            NA                NA           6    2008-01-04
    ## 867        NA            NA                NA           6    2008-01-04
    ## 868        NA            NA                NA          13    2008-01-04
    ## 869        16             0                 0          21    2008-01-04
    ## 870        NA            NA                NA           4    2008-01-04
    ## 871        NA            NA                NA           8    2008-01-04
    ## 872        NA            NA                NA          15    2008-01-04
    ## 873        13             0                 0          73    2008-01-04
    ## 874        NA            NA                NA          11    2008-01-04
    ## 875        NA            NA                NA           3    2008-01-04
    ## 876        NA            NA                NA          13    2008-01-04
    ## 877        NA            NA                NA          15    2008-01-04
    ## 878        NA            NA                NA          11    2008-01-04
    ## 879        NA            NA                NA          20    2008-01-04
    ## 880        18             0                 0          19    2008-01-04
    ## 881        NA            NA                NA           8    2008-01-04
    ## 882        NA            NA                NA           5    2008-01-04
    ## 883        NA            NA                NA          18    2008-01-04
    ## 884        NA            NA                NA          29    2008-01-04
    ## 885         5             0                 0          31    2008-01-04
    ## 886        NA            NA                NA           9    2008-01-04
    ## 887        NA            NA                NA           6    2008-01-04
    ## 888        NA            NA                NA           4    2008-01-04
    ## 889        NA            NA                NA           4    2008-01-04
    ## 890        NA            NA                NA           8    2008-01-04
    ## 891        NA            NA                NA           3    2008-01-04
    ## 892        NA            NA                NA           6    2008-01-04
    ## 893        NA            NA                NA          14    2008-01-04
    ## 894        NA            NA                NA          12    2008-01-04
    ## 895        NA            NA                NA          13    2008-01-04
    ## 896        NA            NA                NA           3    2008-01-04
    ## 897       191             0                 0         193    2008-01-04
    ## 898        NA            NA                NA          18    2008-01-04
    ## 899        23             0                 0          26    2008-01-04
    ## 900        NA            NA                NA          30    2008-01-04
    ## 901        NA            NA                NA          16    2008-01-04
    ## 902        NA            NA                NA          19    2008-01-04
    ## 903        NA            NA                NA           9    2008-01-04
    ## 904        NA            NA                NA          27    2008-01-04
    ## 905        22             0                 0          29    2008-01-04
    ## 906        NA            NA                NA          13    2008-01-04
    ## 907        NA            NA                NA           9    2008-01-04
    ## 908        NA            NA                NA           7    2008-01-04
    ## 909         0             0                 0          34    2008-01-04
    ## 910        NA            NA                NA          16    2008-01-04
    ## 911        NA            NA                NA          39    2008-01-04
    ## 912        15             0                 0          15    2008-01-04
    ## 913        NA            NA                NA          10    2008-01-04
    ## 914        NA            NA                NA          18    2008-01-04
    ## 915        25             0                 0          27    2008-01-04
    ## 916        NA            NA                NA           7    2008-01-04
    ## 917        NA            NA                NA           6    2008-01-04
    ## 918        NA            NA                NA          17    2008-01-04
    ## 919        NA            NA                NA           6    2008-01-04
    ## 920        NA            NA                NA           9    2008-01-04
    ## 921        NA            NA                NA           6    2008-01-04
    ## 922        21             0                 0          35    2008-01-04
    ## 923        NA            NA                NA          17    2008-01-04
    ## 924        NA            NA                NA           7    2008-01-04
    ## 925        NA            NA                NA          18    2008-01-04
    ## 926        NA            NA                NA           3    2008-01-04
    ## 927         0             0                 0          80    2008-01-04
    ## 928        NA            NA                NA          13    2008-01-04
    ## 929        NA            NA                NA          12    2008-01-04
    ## 930        NA            NA                NA          11    2008-01-04
    ## 931        NA            NA                NA          23    2008-01-04
    ## 932         3             0                 0          67    2008-01-04
    ## 933        NA            NA                NA           9    2008-01-04
    ## 934        NA            NA                NA           4    2008-01-04
    ## 935        NA            NA                NA          10    2008-01-04
    ## 936        NA            NA                NA          18    2008-01-04
    ## 937        NA            NA                NA           9    2008-01-04
    ## 938        NA            NA                NA          27    2008-01-04
    ## 939        NA            NA                NA           2    2008-01-04
    ## 940        NA            NA                NA          17    2008-01-04
    ## 941        NA            NA                NA          13    2008-01-04
    ## 942        NA            NA                NA          38    2008-01-04
    ## 943        NA            NA                NA          11    2008-01-04
    ## 944        NA            NA                NA          12    2008-01-04
    ## 945        NA            NA                NA          12    2008-01-04
    ## 946         0             0                 0         164    2008-01-04
    ## 947        NA            NA                NA          23    2008-01-04
    ## 948        NA            NA                NA          22    2008-01-04
    ## 949        NA            NA                NA          27    2008-01-04
    ## 950        NA            NA                NA          15    2008-01-04
    ## 951        NA            NA                NA           5    2008-01-04
    ## 952        NA            NA                NA           6    2008-01-04
    ## 953        NA            NA                NA          17    2008-01-04
    ## 954        NA            NA                NA           5    2008-01-04
    ## 955        NA            NA                NA           6    2008-01-04
    ## 956         0             0                 9          73    2008-01-04
    ## 957        NA            NA                NA           5    2008-01-04
    ## 958        NA            NA                NA           9    2008-01-04
    ## 959        NA            NA                NA           9    2008-01-04
    ## 960        NA            NA                NA           7    2008-01-04
    ## 961        NA            NA                NA          13    2008-01-04
    ## 962        NA            NA                NA           7    2008-01-04
    ## 963        NA            NA                NA          34    2008-01-04
    ## 964        NA            NA                NA          41    2008-01-04
    ## 965        NA            NA                NA          11    2008-01-04
    ## 966        NA            NA                NA           5    2008-01-04
    ## 967        NA            NA                NA          11    2008-01-04
    ## 968        NA            NA                NA          15    2008-01-04
    ## 969        NA            NA                NA          37    2008-01-04
    ## 970         0             0                 3          64    2008-01-04
    ## 971        23             0                 0          23    2008-01-04
    ## 972        NA            NA                NA          22    2008-01-04
    ## 973        NA            NA                NA          18    2008-01-04
    ## 974        NA            NA                NA           3    2008-01-04
    ## 975         0             0                19          44    2008-01-04
    ## 976        NA            NA                NA          13    2008-01-04
    ## 977        NA            NA                NA           3    2008-01-04
    ## 978        NA            NA                NA           2    2008-01-04
    ## 979        35             0                 0          80    2008-01-04
    ## 980        NA            NA                NA           9    2008-01-04
    ## 981        NA            NA                NA          28    2008-01-04
    ## 982        NA            NA                NA          18    2008-01-04
    ## 983        NA            NA                NA          12    2008-01-04
    ## 984        NA            NA                NA          13    2008-01-04
    ## 985        11             0                11          39    2008-01-04
    ## 986        NA            NA                NA          14    2008-01-04
    ## 987        NA            NA                NA           8    2008-01-04
    ## 988         0             0                63         123    2008-01-04
    ## 989        NA            NA                NA           9    2008-01-04
    ## 990         0             0                15          82    2008-01-04
    ## 991        NA            NA                NA          14    2008-01-04
    ## 992        NA            NA                NA          24    2008-01-04
    ## 993        NA            NA                NA          23    2008-01-04
    ## 994        NA            NA                NA          23    2008-01-04
    ## 995        NA            NA                NA          13    2008-01-04
    ## 996        NA            NA                NA          24    2008-01-04
    ## 997        NA            NA                NA          18    2008-01-04
    ## 998        NA            NA                NA           8    2008-01-04
    ## 999        NA            NA                NA          10    2008-01-04
    ## 1000       NA            NA                NA          22    2008-01-04
    ## 1001       NA            NA                NA          25    2008-01-04
    ## 1002        0             0                34          84    2008-01-04
    ## 1003       NA            NA                NA           5    2008-01-04
    ## 1004       NA            NA                NA          10    2008-01-04
    ## 1005       NA            NA                NA           8    2008-01-04
    ## 1006       NA            NA                NA           5    2008-01-04
    ## 1007       NA            NA                NA           5    2008-01-04
    ## 1008       NA            NA                NA          17    2008-01-04
    ## 1009       NA            NA                NA          18    2008-01-04
    ## 1010       NA            NA                NA          20    2008-01-04
    ## 1011       NA            NA                NA           6    2008-01-04
    ## 1012       NA            NA                NA           3    2008-01-04
    ## 1013       NA            NA                NA          26    2008-01-04
    ## 1014       NA            NA                NA          23    2008-01-04
    ## 1015       NA            NA                NA          25    2008-01-04
    ## 1016       NA            NA                NA           9    2008-01-04
    ## 1017       NA            NA                NA           6    2008-01-04
    ## 1018       NA            NA                NA           7    2008-01-04
    ## 1019       NA            NA                NA          21    2008-01-04
    ## 1020       NA            NA                NA          28    2008-01-04
    ## 1021       NA            NA                NA          30    2008-01-04
    ## 1022        0             0                31          69    2008-01-04
    ## 1023       NA            NA                NA          19    2008-01-04
    ## 1024       NA            NA                NA          18    2008-01-04
    ## 1025       NA            NA                NA           4    2008-01-04
    ## 1026       NA            NA                NA          25    2008-01-04
    ## 1027        0             0                31          66    2008-01-04
    ## 1028       26             0                 0          26    2008-01-04
    ## 1029       NA            NA                NA          18    2008-01-04
    ## 1030        0             0                20          43    2008-01-04
    ## 1031       NA            NA                NA          16    2008-01-04
    ## 1032       NA            NA                NA           1    2008-01-04
    ## 1033       NA            NA                NA           5    2008-01-04
    ## 1034       NA            NA                NA           6    2008-01-04
    ## 1035       NA            NA                NA           2    2008-01-04
    ## 1036       NA            NA                NA           3    2008-01-04
    ## 1037       NA            NA                NA           9    2008-01-04
    ## 1038       NA            NA                NA           4    2008-01-04
    ## 1039       NA            NA                NA          14    2008-01-04
    ## 1040       NA            NA                NA           5    2008-01-04
    ## 1041       NA            NA                NA          32    2008-01-04
    ## 1042       NA            NA                NA          12    2008-01-04
    ## 1043       NA            NA                NA          25    2008-01-04
    ## 1044       32             0                 0         552    2008-01-04
    ## 1045       NA            NA                NA          16    2008-01-04
    ## 1046       NA            NA                NA          25    2008-01-04
    ## 1047       NA            NA                NA           1    2008-01-04
    ## 1048       NA            NA                NA          19    2008-01-04
    ## 1049       NA            NA                NA          27    2008-01-04
    ## 1050       NA            NA                NA           3    2008-01-04
    ## 1051       NA            NA                NA          14    2008-01-04
    ## 1052        0             0                33          88    2008-01-04
    ## 1053        0             0                13          96    2008-01-04
    ## 1054       10             0                24          58    2008-01-04
    ## 1055       NA            NA                NA          11    2008-01-04
    ## 1056       NA            NA                NA           9    2008-01-04
    ## 1057       NA            NA                NA           6    2008-01-04
    ## 1058       NA            NA                NA          16    2008-01-04
    ## 1059       NA            NA                NA          34    2008-01-04
    ## 1060       NA            NA                NA          24    2008-01-04
    ## 1061       NA            NA                NA           4    2008-01-04
    ## 1062       NA            NA                NA           4    2008-01-04
    ## 1063       NA            NA                NA          10    2008-01-04
    ## 1064       NA            NA                NA          30    2008-01-04
    ## 1065       15             0                 0          16    2008-01-04
    ## 1066        0             0                 0         254    2008-01-04
    ## 1067       NA            NA                NA           9    2008-01-04
    ## 1068       NA            NA                NA          12    2008-01-04
    ## 1069       NA            NA                NA          21    2008-01-04
    ## 1070       NA            NA                NA           8    2008-01-04
    ## 1071       NA            NA                NA          18    2008-01-04
    ## 1072       NA            NA                NA           8    2008-01-04
    ## 1073       NA            NA                NA          18    2008-01-04
    ## 1074       NA            NA                NA          21    2008-01-04
    ## 1075       NA            NA                NA          17    2008-01-04
    ## 1076       NA            NA                NA          12    2008-01-04
    ## 1077       NA            NA                NA           2    2008-01-04
    ## 1078       NA            NA                NA          21    2008-01-04
    ## 1079       NA            NA                NA          34    2008-01-04
    ## 1080       NA            NA                NA           5    2008-01-04
    ## 1081       NA            NA                NA           5    2008-01-04
    ## 1082       NA            NA                NA          16    2008-01-04
    ## 1083       NA            NA                NA          12    2008-01-04
    ## 1084       NA            NA                NA          30    2008-01-04
    ## 1085       NA            NA                NA          36    2008-01-04
    ## 1086        0             0                 0          51    2008-01-04
    ## 1087       NA            NA                NA          85    2008-01-04
    ## 1088       31             0                 0          33    2008-01-04
    ## 1089        0             0                25          66    2008-01-04
    ## 1090       NA            NA                NA          14    2008-01-04
    ## 1091       NA            NA                NA          23    2008-01-04
    ## 1092        3             0                40          83    2008-01-04
    ## 1093       NA            NA                NA           9    2008-01-04
    ## 1094       NA            NA                NA           1    2008-01-04
    ## 1095        0             0                96         202    2008-01-04
    ## 1096        0             0               116         244    2008-01-04
    ## 1097       NA            NA                NA          16    2008-01-04
    ## 1098        0             0                29          61    2008-01-04
    ## 1099       39             0                 0          40    2008-01-04
    ## 1100        0             0                27          55    2008-01-04
    ## 1101       NA            NA                NA           1    2008-01-04
    ## 1102       NA            NA                NA           2    2008-01-04
    ## 1103       NA            NA                NA          10    2008-01-04
    ## 1104       NA            NA                NA          27    2008-01-04
    ## 1105       NA            NA                NA          13    2008-01-04
    ## 1106       NA            NA                NA          21    2008-01-04
    ## 1107       NA            NA                NA           8    2008-01-04
    ## 1108       NA            NA                NA          14    2008-01-04
    ## 1109       NA            NA                NA          17    2008-01-04
    ## 1110        0             0                 0          50    2008-01-04
    ## 1111       NA            NA                NA           4    2008-01-04
    ## 1112       NA            NA                NA          10    2008-01-04
    ## 1113        8             0                 0          24    2008-01-04
    ## 1114       NA            NA                NA          28    2008-01-04
    ## 1115       NA            NA                NA           1    2008-01-04
    ## 1116        0             0                35          73    2008-01-04
    ## 1117       NA            NA                NA          11    2008-01-04
    ## 1118        1             0                 0          31    2008-01-04
    ## 1119       NA            NA                NA          17    2008-01-04
    ## 1120       NA            NA                NA          23    2008-01-04
    ## 1121       NA            NA                NA          15    2008-01-04
    ## 1122       NA            NA                NA           1    2008-01-04
    ## 1123        0             0                17          51    2008-01-04
    ## 1124        0             0                26          40    2008-01-04
    ## 1125        8             0                 0          26    2008-01-04
    ## 1126        0             0                 0         125    2008-01-04
    ## 1127        0             0                20          50    2008-01-04
    ## 1128       NA            NA                NA           1    2008-01-04
    ## 1129        0             0                17          45    2008-01-04
    ## 1130       NA            NA                NA          10    2008-01-04
    ## 1131       NA            NA                NA          26    2008-01-04
    ## 1132       NA            NA                NA           8    2008-01-04
    ## 1133       NA            NA                NA          14    2008-01-04
    ## 1134       NA            NA                NA           7    2008-01-04
    ## 1135        0             0                 0         200    2008-01-04
    ## 1136       NA            NA                NA           1    2008-01-04
    ## 1137        0             0                33          79    2008-01-04
    ## 1138        1             0               112         229    2008-01-04
    ## 1139        0             0                14          47    2008-01-04
    ## 1140        0             0               109         227    2008-01-04
    ## 1141       NA            NA                NA           6    2008-01-04
    ## 1142        0             0                48         102    2008-01-04
    ## 1143        1             0                 0          49    2008-01-04
    ## 1144        0             0                76         172    2008-01-04
    ## 1145        0             0                 0          82    2008-01-04
    ## 1146       NA            NA                NA           4    2008-01-04
    ## 1147        0             0               185         407    2008-01-04
    ## 1148        0             0               272         597    2008-01-04
    ## 1149        0             0               102         207    2008-01-04
    ## 1150        8             0                 0          72    2008-01-04
    ## 1151       NA            NA                NA          NA    2008-01-04
    ## 1152       NA            NA                NA          NA    2008-01-04
    ## 1153       NA            NA                NA          NA    2008-01-04
    ## 1154       NA            NA                NA          NA    2008-01-04
    ## 1155       NA            NA                NA          12    2008-01-05
    ## 1156       NA            NA                NA          16    2008-01-05
    ## 1157       NA            NA                NA          10    2008-01-05
    ## 1158       NA            NA                NA          14    2008-01-05
    ## 1159       NA            NA                NA          20    2008-01-05
    ## 1160       NA            NA                NA          17    2008-01-05
    ## 1161       NA            NA                NA          10    2008-01-05
    ## 1162       NA            NA                NA          11    2008-01-05
    ## 1163       NA            NA                NA          11    2008-01-05
    ## 1164       NA            NA                NA          11    2008-01-05
    ## 1165       NA            NA                NA          12    2008-01-05
    ## 1166       NA            NA                NA          25    2008-01-05
    ## 1167       16             0                 0          16    2008-01-05
    ## 1168       NA            NA                NA          16    2008-01-05
    ## 1169       NA            NA                NA          10    2008-01-05
    ## 1170       NA            NA                NA          15    2008-01-05
    ## 1171       16             0                 0          16    2008-01-05
    ## 1172       NA            NA                NA          10    2008-01-05
    ## 1173       NA            NA                NA          14    2008-01-05
    ## 1174       NA            NA                NA          17    2008-01-05
    ## 1175       NA            NA                NA           9    2008-01-05
    ## 1176       NA            NA                NA          13    2008-01-05
    ## 1177       NA            NA                NA          12    2008-01-05
    ## 1178       NA            NA                NA          11    2008-01-05
    ## 1179       NA            NA                NA          19    2008-01-05
    ## 1180       NA            NA                NA          15    2008-01-05
    ## 1181       NA            NA                NA           6    2008-01-05
    ## 1182       NA            NA                NA          13    2008-01-05
    ## 1183       NA            NA                NA          17    2008-01-05
    ## 1184       NA            NA                NA           7    2008-01-05
    ## 1185       NA            NA                NA           9    2008-01-05
    ## 1186       11             0                 0          63    2008-01-05
    ## 1187       NA            NA                NA          18    2008-01-05
    ## 1188       NA            NA                NA           1    2008-01-05
    ## 1189       NA            NA                NA          16    2008-01-05
    ## 1190       NA            NA                NA          10    2008-01-05
    ## 1191       NA            NA                NA           8    2008-01-05
    ## 1192       NA            NA                NA           4    2008-01-05
    ## 1193       NA            NA                NA          14    2008-01-05
    ## 1194       NA            NA                NA           7    2008-01-05
    ## 1195       NA            NA                NA           7    2008-01-05
    ## 1196       NA            NA                NA           5    2008-01-05
    ## 1197       NA            NA                NA          35    2008-01-05
    ## 1198       NA            NA                NA          20    2008-01-05
    ## 1199       NA            NA                NA           5    2008-01-05
    ## 1200       16             0                 0          21    2008-01-05
    ## 1201       NA            NA                NA           7    2008-01-05
    ## 1202       NA            NA                NA           8    2008-01-05
    ## 1203       NA            NA                NA           3    2008-01-05
    ## 1204       22             0                 0          28    2008-01-05
    ## 1205       NA            NA                NA           2    2008-01-05
    ## 1206       NA            NA                NA           4    2008-01-05
    ## 1207       NA            NA                NA           4    2008-01-05
    ## 1208       NA            NA                NA           3    2008-01-05
    ## 1209       NA            NA                NA          16    2008-01-05
    ## 1210       NA            NA                NA          10    2008-01-05
    ## 1211       NA            NA                NA          22    2008-01-05
    ## 1212       NA            NA                NA           3    2008-01-05
    ## 1213        6            13                 0          32    2008-01-05
    ## 1214       19             0                 0          19    2008-01-05
    ## 1215       NA            NA                NA          16    2008-01-05
    ## 1216       NA            NA                NA          16    2008-01-05
    ## 1217       NA            NA                NA           1    2008-01-05
    ## 1218       NA            NA                NA          23    2008-01-05
    ## 1219       NA            NA                NA          14    2008-01-05
    ## 1220       NA            NA                NA          14    2008-01-05
    ## 1221       NA            NA                NA          23    2008-01-05
    ## 1222       NA            NA                NA          13    2008-01-05
    ## 1223       61             0                 0         265    2008-01-05
    ## 1224       NA            NA                NA          22    2008-01-05
    ## 1225       17             0                 0          20    2008-01-05
    ## 1226       NA            NA                NA          13    2008-01-05
    ## 1227       NA            NA                NA           9    2008-01-05
    ## 1228       NA            NA                NA          16    2008-01-05
    ## 1229       NA            NA                NA          17    2008-01-05
    ## 1230       NA            NA                NA           5    2008-01-05
    ## 1231       NA            NA                NA           5    2008-01-05
    ## 1232       NA            NA                NA           8    2008-01-05
    ## 1233       NA            NA                NA           5    2008-01-05
    ## 1234       NA            NA                NA          14    2008-01-05
    ## 1235       NA            NA                NA          11    2008-01-05
    ## 1236       NA            NA                NA          11    2008-01-05
    ## 1237       NA            NA                NA          13    2008-01-05
    ## 1238       NA            NA                NA          11    2008-01-05
    ## 1239       NA            NA                NA          11    2008-01-05
    ## 1240       NA            NA                NA          12    2008-01-05
    ## 1241       NA            NA                NA           4    2008-01-05
    ## 1242        3             0                20          61    2008-01-05
    ## 1243       NA            NA                NA          11    2008-01-05
    ## 1244       NA            NA                NA           2    2008-01-05
    ## 1245        0             0                 0          42    2008-01-05
    ## 1246       NA            NA                NA          14    2008-01-05
    ## 1247       NA            NA                NA           9    2008-01-05
    ## 1248       NA            NA                NA          13    2008-01-05
    ## 1249       NA            NA                NA           5    2008-01-05
    ## 1250       NA            NA                NA          10    2008-01-05
    ## 1251       NA            NA                NA           5    2008-01-05
    ## 1252       NA            NA                NA           4    2008-01-05
    ## 1253       NA            NA                NA          27    2008-01-05
    ## 1254       NA            NA                NA          10    2008-01-05
    ## 1255       NA            NA                NA           7    2008-01-05
    ## 1256       NA            NA                NA          24    2008-01-05
    ## 1257        0             0                18          46    2008-01-05
    ## 1258       NA            NA                NA          13    2008-01-05
    ## 1259       NA            NA                NA           4    2008-01-05
    ## 1260        6             0                 2          38    2008-01-05
    ## 1261       NA            NA                NA          29    2008-01-05
    ## 1262       NA            NA                NA          16    2008-01-05
    ## 1263       NA            NA                NA           8    2008-01-05
    ## 1264       NA            NA                NA          32    2008-01-05
    ## 1265       NA            NA                NA           6    2008-01-05
    ## 1266       NA            NA                NA          18    2008-01-05
    ## 1267       18             0                 0          21    2008-01-05
    ## 1268        0             0                 0         106    2008-01-05
    ## 1269       NA            NA                NA          13    2008-01-05
    ## 1270       NA            NA                NA          14    2008-01-05
    ## 1271       22             0                 0          22    2008-01-05
    ## 1272       NA            NA                NA          12    2008-01-05
    ## 1273       35             0                 0          38    2008-01-05
    ## 1274       NA            NA                NA           7    2008-01-05
    ## 1275       NA            NA                NA          21    2008-01-05
    ## 1276       NA            NA                NA          15    2008-01-05
    ## 1277        0             0                20          94    2008-01-05
    ## 1278       NA            NA                NA          17    2008-01-05
    ## 1279       NA            NA                NA          18    2008-01-05
    ## 1280       NA            NA                NA          12    2008-01-05
    ## 1281       NA            NA                NA           2    2008-01-05
    ## 1282       NA            NA                NA          17    2008-01-05
    ## 1283       NA            NA                NA          21    2008-01-05
    ## 1284       NA            NA                NA           8    2008-01-05
    ## 1285       NA            NA                NA           7    2008-01-05
    ## 1286       NA            NA                NA          18    2008-01-05
    ## 1287       NA            NA                NA           6    2008-01-05
    ## 1288        3             0               114         275    2008-01-05
    ## 1289       NA            NA                NA          29    2008-01-05
    ## 1290       NA            NA                NA          15    2008-01-05
    ## 1291       NA            NA                NA           7    2008-01-05
    ## 1292       NA            NA                NA           9    2008-01-05
    ## 1293       NA            NA                NA          25    2008-01-05
    ## 1294       NA            NA                NA           4    2008-01-05
    ## 1295       NA            NA                NA           6    2008-01-05
    ## 1296        0             0                15          59    2008-01-05
    ## 1297        1             0                16          45    2008-01-05
    ## 1298        6             0                11          28    2008-01-05
    ## 1299       NA            NA                NA          23    2008-01-05
    ## 1300       NA            NA                NA           5    2008-01-05
    ## 1301       NA            NA                NA          15    2008-01-05
    ## 1302        0             0                 0          71    2008-01-05
    ## 1303       NA            NA                NA           6    2008-01-05
    ## 1304       NA            NA                NA          10    2008-01-05
    ## 1305       NA            NA                NA          11    2008-01-05
    ## 1306       NA            NA                NA          18    2008-01-05
    ## 1307       NA            NA                NA           2    2008-01-05
    ## 1308       NA            NA                NA           3    2008-01-05
    ## 1309        0             0                71         158    2008-01-05
    ## 1310       NA            NA                NA          18    2008-01-05
    ## 1311       NA            NA                NA          17    2008-01-05
    ## 1312       NA            NA                NA           4    2008-01-05
    ## 1313       NA            NA                NA          15    2008-01-05
    ## 1314       NA            NA                NA           2    2008-01-05
    ## 1315       NA            NA                NA           6    2008-01-05
    ## 1316       NA            NA                NA           6    2008-01-05
    ## 1317       NA            NA                NA           2    2008-01-05
    ## 1318        0             0                 0          49    2008-01-05
    ## 1319       NA            NA                NA           6    2008-01-05
    ## 1320        3             0                24          58    2008-01-05
    ## 1321       NA            NA                NA          34    2008-01-05
    ## 1322       NA            NA                NA          12    2008-01-05
    ## 1323       NA            NA                NA          18    2008-01-05
    ## 1324       NA            NA                NA          14    2008-01-05
    ## 1325       NA            NA                NA           7    2008-01-05
    ## 1326       NA            NA                NA          13    2008-01-05
    ## 1327       30             0                26         105    2008-01-05
    ## 1328       NA            NA                NA          10    2008-01-05
    ## 1329       NA            NA                NA          20    2008-01-05
    ## 1330       NA            NA                NA          19    2008-01-05
    ## 1331       NA            NA                NA           9    2008-01-05
    ## 1332       18             0                13          57    2008-01-05
    ## 1333       NA            NA                NA          39    2008-01-05
    ## 1334       NA            NA                NA          18    2008-01-05
    ## 1335       NA            NA                NA          16    2008-01-05
    ## 1336       NA            NA                NA          15    2008-01-05
    ## 1337       NA            NA                NA          32    2008-01-05
    ## 1338       NA            NA                NA          17    2008-01-05
    ## 1339       NA            NA                NA          14    2008-01-05
    ## 1340       NA            NA                NA          18    2008-01-05
    ## 1341       NA            NA                NA           7    2008-01-05
    ## 1342       NA            NA                NA           5    2008-01-05
    ## 1343       NA            NA                NA          NA    2008-01-05
    ## 1344       NA            NA                NA          29    2008-01-05
    ## 1345        0             0                42          94    2008-01-05
    ## 1346       NA            NA                NA          10    2008-01-05
    ## 1347       NA            NA                NA           8    2008-01-05
    ## 1348       NA            NA                NA           4    2008-01-05
    ## 1349       NA            NA                NA          55    2008-01-05
    ## 1350       NA            NA                NA          13    2008-01-05
    ## 1351       NA            NA                NA          10    2008-01-05
    ## 1352       NA            NA                NA          10    2008-01-05
    ## 1353       NA            NA                NA          26    2008-01-05
    ## 1354       NA            NA                NA          36    2008-01-05
    ## 1355        0             0                 0          34    2008-01-05
    ## 1356       NA            NA                NA           9    2008-01-05
    ## 1357        0             0                15          57    2008-01-05
    ## 1358        0             0                17          53    2008-01-05
    ## 1359       NA            NA                NA          16    2008-01-05
    ## 1360       NA            NA                NA          18    2008-01-05
    ## 1361       NA            NA                NA          16    2008-01-05
    ## 1362       NA            NA                NA          12    2008-01-05
    ## 1363      119             0                 0         195    2008-01-05
    ## 1364        0             0                15          32    2008-01-05
    ## 1365       NA            NA                NA           7    2008-01-05
    ## 1366       NA            NA                NA          20    2008-01-05
    ## 1367       NA            NA                NA          24    2008-01-05
    ## 1368       NA            NA                NA          11    2008-01-05
    ## 1369        2             0                18          38    2008-01-05
    ## 1370       NA            NA                NA          14    2008-01-05
    ## 1371       NA            NA                NA          12    2008-01-05
    ## 1372       NA            NA                NA           9    2008-01-05
    ## 1373       NA            NA                NA          24    2008-01-05
    ## 1374       NA            NA                NA          31    2008-01-05
    ## 1375        0             0               113         240    2008-01-05
    ## 1376        0             0                 9          48    2008-01-05
    ## 1377       NA            NA                NA          23    2008-01-05
    ## 1378        0             0                44          93    2008-01-05
    ## 1379        2             0                69         143    2008-01-05
    ## 1380       NA            NA                NA          38    2008-01-05
    ## 1381        0             0                77         162    2008-01-05
    ## 1382        0             0                24          99    2008-01-05
    ## 1383        7             0                17          64    2008-01-05
    ## 1384       NA            NA                NA           9    2008-01-05
    ## 1385       NA            NA                NA          11    2008-01-05
    ## 1386       NA            NA                NA          14    2008-01-05
    ## 1387       NA            NA                NA          23    2008-01-05
    ## 1388        0             0                83         190    2008-01-05
    ## 1389        0             0                 0         109    2008-01-05
    ## 1390        0             0               189         394    2008-01-05
    ## 1391       NA            NA                NA          15    2008-01-05
    ## 1392       NA            NA                NA           6    2008-01-06
    ## 1393       NA            NA                NA          11    2008-01-06
    ## 1394       NA            NA                NA          13    2008-01-06
    ## 1395       NA            NA                NA          14    2008-01-06
    ## 1396       NA            NA                NA          10    2008-01-06
    ## 1397       NA            NA                NA          11    2008-01-06
    ## 1398       NA            NA                NA           9    2008-01-06
    ## 1399       NA            NA                NA          17    2008-01-06
    ## 1400       NA            NA                NA          18    2008-01-06
    ## 1401       NA            NA                NA           9    2008-01-06
    ## 1402       NA            NA                NA           3    2008-01-06
    ## 1403       NA            NA                NA          12    2008-01-06
    ## 1404        0             0                26          35    2008-01-06
    ## 1405       NA            NA                NA          13    2008-01-06
    ## 1406       NA            NA                NA          19    2008-01-06
    ## 1407       NA            NA                NA          14    2008-01-06
    ## 1408       NA            NA                NA          18    2008-01-06
    ## 1409       NA            NA                NA           8    2008-01-06
    ## 1410       NA            NA                NA          21    2008-01-06
    ## 1411       NA            NA                NA          10    2008-01-06
    ## 1412       NA            NA                NA           9    2008-01-06
    ## 1413       NA            NA                NA           9    2008-01-06
    ## 1414       NA            NA                NA          11    2008-01-06
    ## 1415       NA            NA                NA           7    2008-01-06
    ## 1416       NA            NA                NA          19    2008-01-06
    ## 1417       NA            NA                NA          19    2008-01-06
    ## 1418       NA            NA                NA          17    2008-01-06
    ## 1419       NA            NA                NA           4    2008-01-06
    ## 1420       NA            NA                NA          12    2008-01-06
    ## 1421       NA            NA                NA          13    2008-01-06
    ## 1422       NA            NA                NA          13    2008-01-06
    ## 1423       NA            NA                NA          20    2008-01-06
    ## 1424       NA            NA                NA          40    2008-01-06
    ## 1425       NA            NA                NA          13    2008-01-06
    ## 1426       NA            NA                NA          11    2008-01-06
    ## 1427       NA            NA                NA          16    2008-01-06
    ## 1428       NA            NA                NA          12    2008-01-06
    ## 1429       NA            NA                NA          14    2008-01-06
    ## 1430       NA            NA                NA           8    2008-01-06
    ## 1431       NA            NA                NA          17    2008-01-06
    ## 1432       NA            NA                NA          13    2008-01-06
    ## 1433       15             0                 0          16    2008-01-06
    ## 1434       NA            NA                NA          25    2008-01-06
    ## 1435       NA            NA                NA           6    2008-01-06
    ## 1436       NA            NA                NA           6    2008-01-06
    ## 1437       NA            NA                NA           7    2008-01-06
    ## 1438       NA            NA                NA          15    2008-01-06
    ## 1439       NA            NA                NA          15    2008-01-06
    ## 1440       NA            NA                NA           8    2008-01-06
    ## 1441        9             0                 0          43    2008-01-06
    ## 1442       NA            NA                NA          19    2008-01-06
    ## 1443       NA            NA                NA          11    2008-01-06
    ## 1444       NA            NA                NA           4    2008-01-06
    ## 1445       NA            NA                NA          20    2008-01-06
    ## 1446       NA            NA                NA          13    2008-01-06
    ## 1447       NA            NA                NA          14    2008-01-06
    ## 1448       NA            NA                NA          12    2008-01-06
    ## 1449       NA            NA                NA           7    2008-01-06
    ## 1450       34             0                 0          35    2008-01-06
    ## 1451       NA            NA                NA          30    2008-01-06
    ## 1452       NA            NA                NA          19    2008-01-06
    ## 1453        0             0                 0          47    2008-01-06
    ## 1454       NA            NA                NA          37    2008-01-06
    ## 1455       NA            NA                NA          34    2008-01-06
    ## 1456       NA            NA                NA           8    2008-01-06
    ## 1457       NA            NA                NA          12    2008-01-06
    ## 1458        0             0                 9          50    2008-01-06
    ## 1459       13             0                 0         211    2008-01-06
    ## 1460       NA            NA                NA          12    2008-01-06
    ## 1461       NA            NA                NA           1    2008-01-06
    ## 1462       NA            NA                NA          13    2008-01-06
    ## 1463       NA            NA                NA          17    2008-01-06
    ## 1464       NA            NA                NA          16    2008-01-06
    ## 1465       NA            NA                NA          16    2008-01-06
    ## 1466        0             0                 0         117    2008-01-06
    ## 1467       NA            NA                NA           0    2008-01-06
    ## 1468       NA            NA                NA           8    2008-01-06
    ## 1469       NA            NA                NA           5    2008-01-06
    ## 1470       NA            NA                NA          30    2008-01-06
    ## 1471       NA            NA                NA          14    2008-01-06
    ## 1472        5             0                15          35    2008-01-06
    ## 1473       NA            NA                NA           5    2008-01-06
    ## 1474       NA            NA                NA          11    2008-01-06
    ## 1475       NA            NA                NA          19    2008-01-06
    ## 1476       NA            NA                NA           7    2008-01-06
    ## 1477       NA            NA                NA          11    2008-01-06
    ## 1478       NA            NA                NA          19    2008-01-06
    ## 1479       NA            NA                NA          21    2008-01-06
    ## 1480       NA            NA                NA           2    2008-01-06
    ## 1481       NA            NA                NA           3    2008-01-06
    ## 1482       NA            NA                NA           8    2008-01-06
    ## 1483       NA            NA                NA          13    2008-01-06
    ## 1484       NA            NA                NA           9    2008-01-06
    ## 1485        7             0                 0          23    2008-01-06
    ## 1486       NA            NA                NA           3    2008-01-06
    ## 1487       NA            NA                NA          14    2008-01-06
    ## 1488       NA            NA                NA           9    2008-01-06
    ## 1489       NA            NA                NA          10    2008-01-06
    ## 1490       NA            NA                NA           7    2008-01-06
    ## 1491       NA            NA                NA          10    2008-01-06
    ## 1492       NA            NA                NA           7    2008-01-06
    ## 1493       NA            NA                NA           6    2008-01-06
    ## 1494       NA            NA                NA          29    2008-01-06
    ## 1495       NA            NA                NA          19    2008-01-06
    ## 1496       NA            NA                NA          15    2008-01-06
    ## 1497       NA            NA                NA           6    2008-01-06
    ## 1498       NA            NA                NA          14    2008-01-06
    ## 1499       NA            NA                NA          28    2008-01-06
    ## 1500       NA            NA                NA          25    2008-01-06
    ## 1501       NA            NA                NA           9    2008-01-06
    ## 1502       11             0                39          89    2008-01-06
    ## 1503       NA            NA                NA          30    2008-01-06
    ## 1504       NA            NA                NA           9    2008-01-06
    ## 1505       25             0                 0          25    2008-01-06
    ## 1506       NA            NA                NA           8    2008-01-06
    ## 1507       NA            NA                NA          21    2008-01-06
    ## 1508       NA            NA                NA          11    2008-01-06
    ## 1509       27             0                 0         177    2008-01-06
    ## 1510       NA            NA                NA           5    2008-01-06
    ## 1511       NA            NA                NA          15    2008-01-06
    ## 1512       NA            NA                NA           3    2008-01-06
    ## 1513       NA            NA                NA          13    2008-01-06
    ## 1514       NA            NA                NA          10    2008-01-06
    ## 1515       NA            NA                NA           6    2008-01-06
    ## 1516       NA            NA                NA          20    2008-01-06
    ## 1517       NA            NA                NA          30    2008-01-06
    ## 1518       NA            NA                NA          22    2008-01-06
    ## 1519       NA            NA                NA          15    2008-01-06
    ## 1520       NA            NA                NA          21    2008-01-06
    ## 1521       NA            NA                NA          15    2008-01-06
    ## 1522       NA            NA                NA          30    2008-01-06
    ## 1523       NA            NA                NA          19    2008-01-06
    ## 1524       NA            NA                NA          12    2008-01-06
    ## 1525       NA            NA                NA           6    2008-01-06
    ## 1526       NA            NA                NA           3    2008-01-06
    ## 1527       NA            NA                NA           7    2008-01-06
    ## 1528       NA            NA                NA          17    2008-01-06
    ## 1529       NA            NA                NA          17    2008-01-06
    ## 1530       NA            NA                NA          15    2008-01-06
    ## 1531       NA            NA                NA          24    2008-01-06
    ## 1532       NA            NA                NA           4    2008-01-06
    ## 1533       NA            NA                NA          22    2008-01-06
    ## 1534       NA            NA                NA           4    2008-01-06
    ## 1535       NA            NA                NA          21    2008-01-06
    ## 1536       NA            NA                NA           9    2008-01-06
    ## 1537       39             0                 0          62    2008-01-06
    ## 1538       NA            NA                NA          20    2008-01-06
    ## 1539       NA            NA                NA           7    2008-01-06
    ## 1540       NA            NA                NA          10    2008-01-06
    ## 1541        2             0                20          48    2008-01-06
    ## 1542       NA            NA                NA          18    2008-01-06
    ## 1543       NA            NA                NA          25    2008-01-06
    ## 1544       NA            NA                NA          21    2008-01-06
    ## 1545       NA            NA                NA          33    2008-01-06
    ## 1546       NA            NA                NA          13    2008-01-06
    ## 1547        0             0                38          86    2008-01-06
    ## 1548       NA            NA                NA          32    2008-01-06
    ## 1549        0             0                 0          33    2008-01-06
    ## 1550       NA            NA                NA           7    2008-01-06
    ## 1551       NA            NA                NA          19    2008-01-06
    ## 1552        3             0                 0          53    2008-01-06
    ## 1553        0             0                 0         203    2008-01-06
    ## 1554        0             0                75         142    2008-01-06
    ## 1555        0             0                45         121    2008-01-06
    ## 1556       NA            NA                NA           8    2008-01-06
    ## 1557       NA            NA                NA          20    2008-01-06
    ## 1558       NA            NA                NA          12    2008-01-06
    ## 1559       NA            NA                NA          11    2008-01-06
    ## 1560       NA            NA                NA          11    2008-01-06
    ## 1561       NA            NA                NA           3    2008-01-06
    ## 1562       NA            NA                NA           3    2008-01-06
    ## 1563       NA            NA                NA           3    2008-01-06
    ## 1564       NA            NA                NA           8    2008-01-06
    ## 1565       NA            NA                NA           6    2008-01-06
    ## 1566       NA            NA                NA           5    2008-01-06
    ## 1567       NA            NA                NA           7    2008-01-06
    ## 1568        0             0                44         103    2008-01-06
    ## 1569        2             0                 0          42    2008-01-06
    ## 1570       NA            NA                NA          46    2008-01-06
    ## 1571       NA            NA                NA          16    2008-01-06
    ## 1572       NA            NA                NA           2    2008-01-06
    ## 1573       NA            NA                NA          17    2008-01-06
    ## 1574        0             0                 8          30    2008-01-06
    ## 1575       NA            NA                NA          14    2008-01-06
    ## 1576        0             0                35          93    2008-01-06
    ## 1577        0             0                 0          42    2008-01-06
    ## 1578       NA            NA                NA           5    2008-01-06
    ## 1579       NA            NA                NA          26    2008-01-06
    ## 1580       NA            NA                NA          20    2008-01-06
    ## 1581       NA            NA                NA          17    2008-01-06
    ## 1582       NA            NA                NA           7    2008-01-06
    ## 1583       NA            NA                NA          11    2008-01-06
    ## 1584       NA            NA                NA           4    2008-01-06
    ## 1585       NA            NA                NA          23    2008-01-06
    ## 1586       NA            NA                NA          10    2008-01-06
    ## 1587       58             0                 0         105    2008-01-06
    ## 1588       27             0                 0          30    2008-01-06
    ## 1589        0             0                11          41    2008-01-06
    ## 1590       NA            NA                NA           3    2008-01-06
    ## 1591       NA            NA                NA          23    2008-01-06
    ## 1592       30             0                10          88    2008-01-06
    ## 1593       NA            NA                NA           4    2008-01-06
    ## 1594        0             0                54         115    2008-01-06
    ## 1595       NA            NA                NA          22    2008-01-06
    ## 1596       NA            NA                NA          20    2008-01-06
    ## 1597       NA            NA                NA           5    2008-01-06
    ## 1598       NA            NA                NA          16    2008-01-06
    ## 1599       NA            NA                NA          24    2008-01-06
    ## 1600       NA            NA                NA           7    2008-01-06
    ## 1601       NA            NA                NA           6    2008-01-06
    ## 1602        0             0                30          97    2008-01-06
    ## 1603       NA            NA                NA          17    2008-01-06
    ## 1604       NA            NA                NA           6    2008-01-06
    ## 1605       NA            NA                NA           6    2008-01-06
    ## 1606       NA            NA                NA          24    2008-01-06
    ## 1607       NA            NA                NA          23    2008-01-06
    ## 1608        1             0                10          43    2008-01-06
    ## 1609       NA            NA                NA          18    2008-01-06
    ## 1610        0             0                39          82    2008-01-06
    ## 1611        0             0                27          55    2008-01-06
    ## 1612       NA            NA                NA           8    2008-01-06
    ## 1613       NA            NA                NA          18    2008-01-06
    ## 1614       NA            NA                NA          13    2008-01-06
    ## 1615       NA            NA                NA           7    2008-01-06
    ## 1616       NA            NA                NA           5    2008-01-06
    ## 1617       15             0                 0          55    2008-01-06
    ## 1618        0             0                21          51    2008-01-06
    ## 1619        0             0                63         133    2008-01-06
    ## 1620       NA            NA                NA          15    2008-01-06
    ## 1621       NA            NA                NA          33    2008-01-06
    ## 1622       NA            NA                NA          11    2008-01-06
    ## 1623       NA            NA                NA           2    2008-01-06
    ## 1624       NA            NA                NA          28    2008-01-06
    ## 1625        0             0                 2          89    2008-01-06
    ## 1626       NA            NA                NA           3    2008-01-06
    ## 1627        0             0                48         135    2008-01-06
    ## 1628        0             0                28          58    2008-01-06
    ## 1629       NA            NA                NA           8    2008-01-06
    ## 1630        0             0                13          53    2008-01-06
    ## 1631       NA            NA                NA          37    2008-01-06
    ## 1632        5             0                 9          27    2008-01-06
    ## 1633       NA            NA                NA          30    2008-01-06
    ## 1634       NA            NA                NA          17    2008-01-06
    ## 1635       NA            NA                NA          17    2008-01-06
    ## 1636        0             0                 0         160    2008-01-06
    ## 1637       NA            NA                NA           7    2008-01-06
    ## 1638       NA            NA                NA           6    2008-01-06
    ## 1639        0             0                13          67    2008-01-06
    ## 1640       NA            NA                NA          39    2008-01-06
    ## 1641       NA            NA                NA           7    2008-01-06
    ## 1642       NA            NA                NA           3    2008-01-06
    ## 1643       NA            NA                NA          27    2008-01-06
    ## 1644       NA            NA                NA          19    2008-01-06
    ## 1645       NA            NA                NA          22    2008-01-06
    ## 1646       NA            NA                NA          15    2008-01-06
    ## 1647       NA            NA                NA           4    2008-01-06
    ## 1648        8             0                46         103    2008-01-06
    ## 1649        0             0                21          84    2008-01-06
    ## 1650        0             0                 0          66    2008-01-06
    ## 1651       NA            NA                NA          28    2008-01-06
    ## 1652        0             0                28          70    2008-01-06
    ## 1653        9             0                89         194    2008-01-06
    ## 1654        0             0                53         139    2008-01-06
    ## 1655       NA            NA                NA          22    2008-01-06
    ## 1656       NA            NA                NA          28    2008-01-06
    ## 1657        0             0                35          76    2008-01-06
    ## 1658       NA            NA                NA          23    2008-01-06
    ## 1659       NA            NA                NA          12    2008-01-06
    ## 1660       NA            NA                NA           5    2008-01-06
    ## 1661       11             0                 3          29    2008-01-06
    ## 1662       NA            NA                NA           8    2008-01-06
    ## 1663        0             0                20         105    2008-01-06
    ## 1664       NA            NA                NA          14    2008-01-06
    ## 1665        0             0                 0          57    2008-01-06
    ## 1666       11             0                 0          31    2008-01-06
    ## 1667        0             0                70         162    2008-01-06
    ## 1668        4             0                49         112    2008-01-06
    ## 1669        0             0                 1          48    2008-01-06
    ## 1670        0             0                13          76    2008-01-06
    ## 1671       NA            NA                NA           5    2008-01-06
    ## 1672       NA            NA                NA           7    2008-01-06
    ## 1673       NA            NA                NA           5    2008-01-06
    ## 1674       NA            NA                NA          NA    2008-01-06
    ## 1675       NA            NA                NA          NA    2008-01-06
    ## 1676       NA            NA                NA          NA    2008-01-06
    ## 1677       NA            NA                NA           5    2008-01-07
    ## 1678       NA            NA                NA           7    2008-01-07
    ## 1679       NA            NA                NA           7    2008-01-07
    ## 1680       NA            NA                NA          18    2008-01-07
    ## 1681       NA            NA                NA          12    2008-01-07
    ## 1682       NA            NA                NA           5    2008-01-07
    ## 1683       NA            NA                NA           4    2008-01-07
    ## 1684       NA            NA                NA          18    2008-01-07
    ## 1685       NA            NA                NA          24    2008-01-07
    ## 1686       NA            NA                NA           7    2008-01-07
    ## 1687       NA            NA                NA           9    2008-01-07
    ## 1688       NA            NA                NA          11    2008-01-07
    ## 1689       NA            NA                NA           4    2008-01-07
    ## 1690       NA            NA                NA          25    2008-01-07
    ## 1691       NA            NA                NA           9    2008-01-07
    ## 1692       NA            NA                NA           2    2008-01-07
    ## 1693       NA            NA                NA           6    2008-01-07
    ## 1694       NA            NA                NA           7    2008-01-07
    ## 1695       NA            NA                NA           9    2008-01-07
    ## 1696       NA            NA                NA           4    2008-01-07
    ## 1697       NA            NA                NA          38    2008-01-07
    ## 1698       NA            NA                NA          20    2008-01-07
    ## 1699       NA            NA                NA          22    2008-01-07
    ## 1700       NA            NA                NA           4    2008-01-07
    ## 1701       NA            NA                NA          15    2008-01-07
    ## 1702       NA            NA                NA          12    2008-01-07
    ## 1703       NA            NA                NA          14    2008-01-07
    ## 1704       NA            NA                NA          12    2008-01-07
    ## 1705       NA            NA                NA          22    2008-01-07
    ## 1706       NA            NA                NA          10    2008-01-07
    ## 1707       16             0                 0          34    2008-01-07
    ## 1708       16             0                 0          19    2008-01-07
    ## 1709       NA            NA                NA          10    2008-01-07
    ## 1710       NA            NA                NA          16    2008-01-07
    ## 1711       NA            NA                NA          17    2008-01-07
    ## 1712       NA            NA                NA           2    2008-01-07
    ## 1713       NA            NA                NA           5    2008-01-07
    ## 1714        0             0                 0          41    2008-01-07
    ## 1715       NA            NA                NA           1    2008-01-07
    ## 1716        0             0                 0         102    2008-01-07
    ## 1717       NA            NA                NA          10    2008-01-07
    ## 1718       NA            NA                NA          26    2008-01-07
    ## 1719       NA            NA                NA          11    2008-01-07
    ## 1720       NA            NA                NA          20    2008-01-07
    ## 1721       NA            NA                NA           0    2008-01-07
    ## 1722       NA            NA                NA           8    2008-01-07
    ## 1723       NA            NA                NA           9    2008-01-07
    ## 1724       NA            NA                NA          21    2008-01-07
    ## 1725       NA            NA                NA          11    2008-01-07
    ## 1726       NA            NA                NA          33    2008-01-07
    ## 1727       18             0                 0          22    2008-01-07
    ## 1728        0             0                 0          50    2008-01-07
    ## 1729       22             0                 0          31    2008-01-07
    ## 1730       NA            NA                NA          14    2008-01-07
    ## 1731       NA            NA                NA           6    2008-01-07
    ## 1732       NA            NA                NA           7    2008-01-07
    ## 1733       26             0                 0          36    2008-01-07
    ## 1734       NA            NA                NA           8    2008-01-07
    ## 1735       NA            NA                NA           8    2008-01-07
    ## 1736       NA            NA                NA          24    2008-01-07
    ## 1737       NA            NA                NA           6    2008-01-07
    ## 1738       NA            NA                NA          12    2008-01-07
    ## 1739       NA            NA                NA          10    2008-01-07
    ## 1740       51             0                 0         110    2008-01-07
    ## 1741       NA            NA                NA           3    2008-01-07
    ## 1742       NA            NA                NA          30    2008-01-07
    ## 1743        4             0                13          30    2008-01-07
    ## 1744       NA            NA                NA           9    2008-01-07
    ## 1745       NA            NA                NA          14    2008-01-07
    ## 1746       NA            NA                NA          19    2008-01-07
    ## 1747        3             0                42          87    2008-01-07
    ## 1748        4             0                 0         238    2008-01-07
    ## 1749       NA            NA                NA           4    2008-01-07
    ## 1750       NA            NA                NA          24    2008-01-07
    ## 1751       NA            NA                NA          23    2008-01-07
    ## 1752        5             0                 0         109    2008-01-07
    ## 1753        0             0                 0          40    2008-01-07
    ## 1754       NA            NA                NA           8    2008-01-07
    ## 1755       NA            NA                NA          49    2008-01-07
    ## 1756       NA            NA                NA           5    2008-01-07
    ## 1757       NA            NA                NA           8    2008-01-07
    ## 1758       NA            NA                NA          20    2008-01-07
    ## 1759       NA            NA                NA           7    2008-01-07
    ## 1760       NA            NA                NA           2    2008-01-07
    ## 1761       NA            NA                NA           6    2008-01-07
    ## 1762        0             0                 0          62    2008-01-07
    ## 1763       49             0                 0          54    2008-01-07
    ## 1764       NA            NA                NA          11    2008-01-07
    ## 1765       NA            NA                NA           4    2008-01-07
    ## 1766       NA            NA                NA          19    2008-01-07
    ## 1767       NA            NA                NA          25    2008-01-07
    ## 1768       NA            NA                NA          13    2008-01-07
    ## 1769       NA            NA                NA          20    2008-01-07
    ## 1770        4             0                45          94    2008-01-07
    ## 1771       NA            NA                NA          13    2008-01-07
    ## 1772       NA            NA                NA          14    2008-01-07
    ## 1773       NA            NA                NA           5    2008-01-07
    ## 1774       NA            NA                NA           4    2008-01-07
    ## 1775        0             0                51         103    2008-01-07
    ## 1776        0             0                66         128    2008-01-07
    ## 1777       NA            NA                NA           4    2008-01-07
    ## 1778       24             0                 0          29    2008-01-07
    ## 1779       NA            NA                NA          29    2008-01-07
    ## 1780       NA            NA                NA           3    2008-01-07
    ## 1781       NA            NA                NA           7    2008-01-07
    ## 1782       NA            NA                NA          14    2008-01-07
    ## 1783       NA            NA                NA          10    2008-01-07
    ## 1784       NA            NA                NA          11    2008-01-07
    ## 1785       NA            NA                NA           6    2008-01-07
    ## 1786       NA            NA                NA          18    2008-01-07
    ## 1787       NA            NA                NA          12    2008-01-07
    ## 1788       NA            NA                NA           0    2008-01-07
    ## 1789        0             0                 0         550    2008-01-07
    ## 1790       NA            NA                NA           4    2008-01-07
    ## 1791        9             0                23          59    2008-01-07
    ## 1792       NA            NA                NA           2    2008-01-07
    ## 1793        0             0                 0          47    2008-01-07
    ## 1794       NA            NA                NA           4    2008-01-07
    ## 1795       NA            NA                NA           8    2008-01-07
    ## 1796       NA            NA                NA          43    2008-01-07
    ## 1797        0             0                 0         115    2008-01-07
    ## 1798       NA            NA                NA           5    2008-01-07
    ## 1799        0             0                 0         351    2008-01-07
    ## 1800       NA            NA                NA          22    2008-01-07
    ## 1801       NA            NA                NA          22    2008-01-07
    ## 1802       NA            NA                NA          17    2008-01-07
    ## 1803       NA            NA                NA           9    2008-01-07
    ## 1804       NA            NA                NA           5    2008-01-07
    ## 1805       NA            NA                NA           9    2008-01-07
    ## 1806       NA            NA                NA          16    2008-01-07
    ## 1807       13             0                18         121    2008-01-07
    ## 1808       NA            NA                NA          11    2008-01-07
    ## 1809       NA            NA                NA          23    2008-01-07
    ## 1810       NA            NA                NA          31    2008-01-07
    ## 1811       NA            NA                NA           9    2008-01-07
    ## 1812       15             0                 2          61    2008-01-07
    ## 1813       NA            NA                NA          23    2008-01-07
    ## 1814       NA            NA                NA          11    2008-01-07
    ## 1815       NA            NA                NA          19    2008-01-07
    ## 1816       NA            NA                NA           3    2008-01-07
    ## 1817       NA            NA                NA          22    2008-01-07
    ## 1818       NA            NA                NA          10    2008-01-07
    ## 1819        0             0                45          94    2008-01-07
    ## 1820       NA            NA                NA           7    2008-01-07
    ## 1821       NA            NA                NA           7    2008-01-07
    ## 1822       NA            NA                NA           8    2008-01-07
    ## 1823       NA            NA                NA           9    2008-01-07
    ## 1824       NA            NA                NA           9    2008-01-07
    ## 1825       NA            NA                NA          33    2008-01-07
    ## 1826       NA            NA                NA           7    2008-01-07
    ## 1827       NA            NA                NA          10    2008-01-07
    ## 1828       NA            NA                NA           3    2008-01-07
    ## 1829       NA            NA                NA          16    2008-01-07
    ## 1830        1             0                 0          33    2008-01-07
    ## 1831        0             0                 9          65    2008-01-07
    ## 1832       NA            NA                NA          21    2008-01-07
    ## 1833       NA            NA                NA           7    2008-01-07
    ## 1834       NA            NA                NA           7    2008-01-07
    ## 1835       NA            NA                NA           6    2008-01-07
    ## 1836       NA            NA                NA          11    2008-01-07
    ## 1837       NA            NA                NA          18    2008-01-07
    ## 1838       NA            NA                NA           1    2008-01-07
    ## 1839       NA            NA                NA          17    2008-01-07
    ## 1840       NA            NA                NA           5    2008-01-07
    ## 1841        0             0                20          48    2008-01-07
    ## 1842       NA            NA                NA          20    2008-01-07
    ## 1843        0             0                33          65    2008-01-07
    ## 1844       NA            NA                NA          30    2008-01-07
    ## 1845       NA            NA                NA          21    2008-01-07
    ## 1846       NA            NA                NA           6    2008-01-07
    ## 1847       NA            NA                NA           8    2008-01-07
    ## 1848       NA            NA                NA          10    2008-01-07
    ## 1849       NA            NA                NA          18    2008-01-07
    ## 1850       NA            NA                NA           9    2008-01-07
    ## 1851       NA            NA                NA          14    2008-01-07
    ## 1852       NA            NA                NA          19    2008-01-07
    ## 1853        0             0               153         332    2008-01-07
    ## 1854       NA            NA                NA          19    2008-01-07
    ## 1855        8             0                12          32    2008-01-07
    ## 1856       NA            NA                NA          22    2008-01-07
    ## 1857       NA            NA                NA          20    2008-01-07
    ## 1858       NA            NA                NA           2    2008-01-07
    ## 1859       NA            NA                NA           1    2008-01-07
    ## 1860       NA            NA                NA           2    2008-01-07
    ## 1861       NA            NA                NA          13    2008-01-07
    ## 1862       NA            NA                NA          10    2008-01-07
    ## 1863       NA            NA                NA          10    2008-01-07
    ## 1864       NA            NA                NA          30    2008-01-07
    ## 1865        9             0                 0          51    2008-01-07
    ## 1866       NA            NA                NA           7    2008-01-07
    ## 1867       NA            NA                NA           6    2008-01-07
    ## 1868       NA            NA                NA           9    2008-01-07
    ## 1869       NA            NA                NA           8    2008-01-07
    ## 1870       NA            NA                NA          35    2008-01-07
    ## 1871       NA            NA                NA          18    2008-01-07
    ## 1872       NA            NA                NA          13    2008-01-07
    ## 1873       NA            NA                NA          12    2008-01-07
    ## 1874       NA            NA                NA          21    2008-01-07
    ## 1875       NA            NA                NA           8    2008-01-07
    ## 1876       NA            NA                NA           6    2008-01-07
    ## 1877       NA            NA                NA           9    2008-01-07
    ## 1878       NA            NA                NA          18    2008-01-07
    ## 1879       NA            NA                NA          27    2008-01-07
    ## 1880       NA            NA                NA           5    2008-01-07
    ## 1881       NA            NA                NA          38    2008-01-07
    ## 1882       NA            NA                NA           5    2008-01-07
    ## 1883       NA            NA                NA           2    2008-01-07
    ## 1884        0             0                27          81    2008-01-07
    ## 1885        4             0                12          28    2008-01-07
    ## 1886       NA            NA                NA           1    2008-01-07
    ## 1887       NA            NA                NA          15    2008-01-07
    ## 1888       NA            NA                NA          17    2008-01-07
    ## 1889       NA            NA                NA          46    2008-01-07
    ## 1890       NA            NA                NA           2    2008-01-07
    ## 1891       NA            NA                NA           9    2008-01-07
    ## 1892       NA            NA                NA          25    2008-01-07
    ## 1893       NA            NA                NA          35    2008-01-07
    ## 1894        0             0                17          35    2008-01-07
    ## 1895        0             0                24          50    2008-01-07
    ## 1896       NA            NA                NA          11    2008-01-07
    ## 1897       NA            NA                NA          70    2008-01-07
    ## 1898        0             0                 0         145    2008-01-07
    ## 1899       NA            NA                NA          13    2008-01-07
    ## 1900       NA            NA                NA           9    2008-01-07
    ## 1901       NA            NA                NA          16    2008-01-07
    ## 1902       NA            NA                NA          20    2008-01-07
    ## 1903       NA            NA                NA          11    2008-01-07
    ## 1904       NA            NA                NA           8    2008-01-07
    ## 1905       NA            NA                NA           8    2008-01-07
    ## 1906       NA            NA                NA           5    2008-01-07
    ## 1907       NA            NA                NA          33    2008-01-07
    ## 1908       NA            NA                NA           2    2008-01-07
    ## 1909       NA            NA                NA           9    2008-01-07
    ## 1910       NA            NA                NA           7    2008-01-07
    ## 1911       16             0                 0          19    2008-01-07
    ## 1912       NA            NA                NA          13    2008-01-07
    ## 1913       NA            NA                NA           9    2008-01-07
    ## 1914       NA            NA                NA          12    2008-01-07
    ## 1915       NA            NA                NA           8    2008-01-07
    ## 1916       NA            NA                NA          11    2008-01-07
    ## 1917        0             0                22          54    2008-01-07
    ## 1918       NA            NA                NA          16    2008-01-07
    ## 1919       NA            NA                NA           3    2008-01-07
    ## 1920       NA            NA                NA          25    2008-01-07
    ## 1921       NA            NA                NA           4    2008-01-07
    ## 1922       NA            NA                NA          18    2008-01-07
    ## 1923       NA            NA                NA          14    2008-01-07
    ## 1924       NA            NA                NA          24    2008-01-07
    ## 1925        0             0                41          87    2008-01-07
    ## 1926       NA            NA                NA          13    2008-01-07
    ## 1927       NA            NA                NA          15    2008-01-07
    ## 1928      150             0                38         387    2008-01-07
    ## 1929       NA            NA                NA          11    2008-01-07
    ## 1930       NA            NA                NA          19    2008-01-07
    ## 1931       NA            NA                NA          21    2008-01-07
    ## 1932       NA            NA                NA          13    2008-01-07
    ## 1933       NA            NA                NA          17    2008-01-07
    ## 1934       NA            NA                NA           6    2008-01-07
    ## 1935        0             0                83         170    2008-01-07
    ## 1936       NA            NA                NA          19    2008-01-07
    ## 1937        0             0               131         266    2008-01-07
    ## 1938        8             0               229         466    2008-01-07
    ## 1939       NA            NA                NA          13    2008-01-07
    ## 1940       46             0               126         303    2008-01-07
    ## 1941       NA            NA                NA          11    2008-01-07
    ## 1942       NA            NA                NA           6    2008-01-07
    ## 1943       NA            NA                NA          16    2008-01-07
    ## 1944       NA            NA                NA           3    2008-01-07
    ## 1945       NA            NA                NA           9    2008-01-07
    ## 1946       11             0                43         117    2008-01-07
    ## 1947        0             0                29          62    2008-01-07
    ## 1948       NA            NA                NA          14    2008-01-07
    ## 1949       NA            NA                NA           8    2008-01-07
    ## 1950        2             0                40          82    2008-01-07
    ## 1951       NA            NA                NA          20    2008-01-07
    ## 1952        0             0                16          47    2008-01-07
    ## 1953       NA            NA                NA          15    2008-01-07
    ## 1954        0             0                67         144    2008-01-07
    ## 1955       NA            NA                NA          19    2008-01-07
    ## 1956       NA            NA                NA           6    2008-01-07
    ## 1957       NA            NA                NA           1    2008-01-07
    ## 1958       NA            NA                NA          18    2008-01-07
    ## 1959        0             0                 0         365    2008-01-07
    ## 1960        0             0                 0         204    2008-01-07
    ## 1961        0             0                 0          32    2008-01-07
    ## 1962      198             0                 0         410    2008-01-07
    ## 1963        0             0                 0          39    2008-01-07
    ## 1964       NA            NA                NA           8    2008-01-07
    ## 1965       16             0                 0          16    2008-01-07
    ## 1966        0             0                 0         218    2008-01-07
    ## 1967       NA            NA                NA          16    2008-01-07
    ## 1968        0             0               214         458    2008-01-07
    ## 1969        0             0               206         427    2008-01-07
    ## 1970        0             0                75         150    2008-01-07
    ## 1971       NA            NA                NA           4    2008-01-07
    ## 1972       NA            NA                NA           7    2008-01-07
    ## 1973       30             0               105         274    2008-01-07
    ## 1974       NA            NA                NA           7    2008-01-08
    ## 1975       NA            NA                NA           7    2008-01-08
    ## 1976       NA            NA                NA          21    2008-01-08
    ## 1977       NA            NA                NA          17    2008-01-08
    ## 1978       NA            NA                NA          10    2008-01-08
    ## 1979       NA            NA                NA          31    2008-01-08
    ## 1980       NA            NA                NA           2    2008-01-08
    ## 1981       NA            NA                NA           5    2008-01-08
    ## 1982       NA            NA                NA          14    2008-01-08
    ## 1983       NA            NA                NA          15    2008-01-08
    ## 1984       NA            NA                NA          21    2008-01-08
    ## 1985       NA            NA                NA          12    2008-01-08
    ## 1986       NA            NA                NA           2    2008-01-08
    ## 1987       NA            NA                NA           5    2008-01-08
    ## 1988       NA            NA                NA          18    2008-01-08
    ## 1989       NA            NA                NA           6    2008-01-08
    ## 1990       NA            NA                NA          12    2008-01-08
    ## 1991       NA            NA                NA           3    2008-01-08
    ## 1992       NA            NA                NA          13    2008-01-08
    ## 1993       NA            NA                NA          28    2008-01-08
    ## 1994       NA            NA                NA          32    2008-01-08
    ## 1995       NA            NA                NA          19    2008-01-08
    ## 1996       NA            NA                NA           7    2008-01-08
    ## 1997       NA            NA                NA           8    2008-01-08
    ## 1998        9             0                 0          33    2008-01-08
    ## 1999       NA            NA                NA           5    2008-01-08
    ## 2000       NA            NA                NA          21    2008-01-08
    ## 2001       NA            NA                NA           5    2008-01-08
    ## 2002       NA            NA                NA          10    2008-01-08
    ## 2003       NA            NA                NA           8    2008-01-08
    ## 2004       20             0                 0          24    2008-01-08
    ## 2005       NA            NA                NA          32    2008-01-08
    ## 2006       NA            NA                NA          26    2008-01-08
    ## 2007       NA            NA                NA          10    2008-01-08
    ## 2008        4             0                 0          68    2008-01-08
    ## 2009       NA            NA                NA          17    2008-01-08
    ## 2010       NA            NA                NA          10    2008-01-08
    ## 2011       NA            NA                NA           7    2008-01-08
    ## 2012       NA            NA                NA           1    2008-01-08
    ## 2013       NA            NA                NA          11    2008-01-08
    ## 2014       NA            NA                NA          10    2008-01-08
    ## 2015       NA            NA                NA          11    2008-01-08
    ## 2016       NA            NA                NA          13    2008-01-08
    ## 2017       NA            NA                NA          12    2008-01-08
    ## 2018       NA            NA                NA          12    2008-01-08
    ## 2019       NA            NA                NA          14    2008-01-08
    ## 2020       NA            NA                NA          19    2008-01-08
    ## 2021       NA            NA                NA          12    2008-01-08
    ## 2022       NA            NA                NA          13    2008-01-08
    ## 2023       NA            NA                NA          23    2008-01-08
    ## 2024        2             0                21          44    2008-01-08
    ## 2025       27             0                 0          30    2008-01-08
    ## 2026       NA            NA                NA           1    2008-01-08
    ## 2027       NA            NA                NA          18    2008-01-08
    ## 2028       NA            NA                NA           5    2008-01-08
    ## 2029       NA            NA                NA          37    2008-01-08
    ## 2030       NA            NA                NA          13    2008-01-08
    ## 2031       NA            NA                NA           3    2008-01-08
    ## 2032       NA            NA                NA           3    2008-01-08
    ## 2033       NA            NA                NA           7    2008-01-08
    ## 2034       NA            NA                NA          18    2008-01-08
    ## 2035        0             0                 0          89    2008-01-08
    ## 2036       NA            NA                NA          13    2008-01-08
    ## 2037       NA            NA                NA           8    2008-01-08
    ## 2038       NA            NA                NA          20    2008-01-08
    ## 2039       NA            NA                NA          15    2008-01-08
    ## 2040       NA            NA                NA          11    2008-01-08
    ## 2041       NA            NA                NA          15    2008-01-08
    ## 2042       NA            NA                NA           9    2008-01-08
    ## 2043       NA            NA                NA           7    2008-01-08
    ## 2044       NA            NA                NA          16    2008-01-08
    ## 2045       NA            NA                NA           8    2008-01-08
    ## 2046       NA            NA                NA          17    2008-01-08
    ## 2047        0             0                 0          25    2008-01-08
    ## 2048       NA            NA                NA           2    2008-01-08
    ## 2049       NA            NA                NA           5    2008-01-08
    ## 2050       NA            NA                NA           7    2008-01-08
    ## 2051       NA            NA                NA          13    2008-01-08
    ## 2052       NA            NA                NA           9    2008-01-08
    ## 2053       NA            NA                NA           3    2008-01-08
    ## 2054       NA            NA                NA          26    2008-01-08
    ## 2055       NA            NA                NA          11    2008-01-08
    ## 2056       NA            NA                NA           9    2008-01-08
    ## 2057       NA            NA                NA           6    2008-01-08
    ## 2058       NA            NA                NA           4    2008-01-08
    ## 2059       NA            NA                NA           8    2008-01-08
    ## 2060       NA            NA                NA          19    2008-01-08
    ## 2061       NA            NA                NA          11    2008-01-08
    ## 2062       NA            NA                NA          17    2008-01-08
    ## 2063       NA            NA                NA           3    2008-01-08
    ## 2064       NA            NA                NA           7    2008-01-08
    ## 2065       NA            NA                NA          12    2008-01-08
    ## 2066       NA            NA                NA           9    2008-01-08
    ## 2067       NA            NA                NA          18    2008-01-08
    ## 2068       NA            NA                NA          14    2008-01-08
    ## 2069       NA            NA                NA           8    2008-01-08
    ## 2070       NA            NA                NA          14    2008-01-08
    ## 2071       NA            NA                NA           1    2008-01-08
    ## 2072       NA            NA                NA           8    2008-01-08
    ## 2073       NA            NA                NA           7    2008-01-08
    ## 2074       NA            NA                NA          18    2008-01-08
    ## 2075       NA            NA                NA          18    2008-01-08
    ## 2076       NA            NA                NA          10    2008-01-08
    ## 2077       NA            NA                NA          14    2008-01-08
    ## 2078       NA            NA                NA           7    2008-01-08
    ## 2079       NA            NA                NA          19    2008-01-08
    ## 2080       NA            NA                NA          14    2008-01-08
    ## 2081       NA            NA                NA          11    2008-01-08
    ## 2082       NA            NA                NA          12    2008-01-08
    ## 2083       NA            NA                NA          20    2008-01-08
    ## 2084       10             0                 0          40    2008-01-08
    ## 2085       NA            NA                NA           7    2008-01-08
    ## 2086       NA            NA                NA           5    2008-01-08
    ## 2087       NA            NA                NA          16    2008-01-08
    ## 2088       NA            NA                NA          19    2008-01-08
    ## 2089       39             0                19          77    2008-01-08
    ## 2090       NA            NA                NA           9    2008-01-08
    ## 2091       31             0                 0          36    2008-01-08
    ## 2092       NA            NA                NA           3    2008-01-08
    ## 2093       NA            NA                NA           9    2008-01-08
    ## 2094       NA            NA                NA          18    2008-01-08
    ## 2095       NA            NA                NA          20    2008-01-08
    ## 2096        5             0                10          25    2008-01-08
    ## 2097       NA            NA                NA           6    2008-01-08
    ## 2098       NA            NA                NA          22    2008-01-08
    ## 2099       21             0                 0          21    2008-01-08
    ## 2100       NA            NA                NA          23    2008-01-08
    ## 2101       NA            NA                NA           8    2008-01-08
    ## 2102       NA            NA                NA           5    2008-01-08
    ## 2103       NA            NA                NA          17    2008-01-08
    ## 2104       NA            NA                NA           2    2008-01-08
    ## 2105        0             0                22          47    2008-01-08
    ## 2106       NA            NA                NA          15    2008-01-08
    ## 2107       NA            NA                NA          11    2008-01-08
    ## 2108       NA            NA                NA           9    2008-01-08
    ## 2109       NA            NA                NA           9    2008-01-08
    ## 2110       NA            NA                NA          14    2008-01-08
    ## 2111       NA            NA                NA          10    2008-01-08
    ## 2112       NA            NA                NA           9    2008-01-08
    ## 2113       NA            NA                NA           4    2008-01-08
    ## 2114       NA            NA                NA           6    2008-01-08
    ## 2115       NA            NA                NA           4    2008-01-08
    ## 2116        0             0                 1          54    2008-01-08
    ## 2117        0             0                 0          46    2008-01-08
    ## 2118       NA            NA                NA           2    2008-01-08
    ## 2119       NA            NA                NA          20    2008-01-08
    ## 2120       NA            NA                NA           8    2008-01-08
    ## 2121       NA            NA                NA           0    2008-01-08
    ## 2122       NA            NA                NA           5    2008-01-08
    ## 2123       NA            NA                NA           2    2008-01-08
    ## 2124       NA            NA                NA          15    2008-01-08
    ## 2125       NA            NA                NA          16    2008-01-08
    ## 2126       NA            NA                NA          14    2008-01-08
    ## 2127       NA            NA                NA           8    2008-01-08
    ## 2128       NA            NA                NA           8    2008-01-08
    ## 2129       NA            NA                NA          12    2008-01-08
    ## 2130       NA            NA                NA          36    2008-01-08
    ## 2131       NA            NA                NA           7    2008-01-08
    ## 2132       NA            NA                NA          21    2008-01-08
    ## 2133       NA            NA                NA          10    2008-01-08
    ## 2134       NA            NA                NA           9    2008-01-08
    ## 2135       NA            NA                NA          20    2008-01-08
    ## 2136       NA            NA                NA           6    2008-01-08
    ## 2137       26             0                 0          27    2008-01-08
    ## 2138       NA            NA                NA          10    2008-01-08
    ## 2139       NA            NA                NA          31    2008-01-08
    ## 2140       NA            NA                NA          14    2008-01-08
    ## 2141       NA            NA                NA           6    2008-01-08
    ## 2142       16             0                 0          20    2008-01-08
    ## 2143        0             0                 0          81    2008-01-08
    ## 2144       NA            NA                NA          15    2008-01-08
    ## 2145       NA            NA                NA          11    2008-01-08
    ## 2146        0             0                 0         222    2008-01-08
    ## 2147       NA            NA                NA           9    2008-01-08
    ## 2148       NA            NA                NA          10    2008-01-08
    ## 2149       NA            NA                NA          18    2008-01-08
    ## 2150       NA            NA                NA          14    2008-01-08
    ## 2151       NA            NA                NA           3    2008-01-08
    ## 2152       NA            NA                NA          10    2008-01-08
    ## 2153       NA            NA                NA          12    2008-01-08
    ## 2154       NA            NA                NA           6    2008-01-08
    ## 2155       NA            NA                NA          13    2008-01-08
    ## 2156        0             0                 0          34    2008-01-08
    ## 2157       NA            NA                NA          36    2008-01-08
    ## 2158       NA            NA                NA           7    2008-01-08
    ## 2159       NA            NA                NA           7    2008-01-08
    ## 2160       26             0                 0          29    2008-01-08
    ## 2161       NA            NA                NA           7    2008-01-08
    ## 2162       NA            NA                NA           6    2008-01-08
    ## 2163       NA            NA                NA          21    2008-01-08
    ## 2164       NA            NA                NA          15    2008-01-08
    ## 2165       NA            NA                NA           9    2008-01-08
    ## 2166       NA            NA                NA          21    2008-01-08
    ## 2167       NA            NA                NA           0    2008-01-08
    ## 2168       NA            NA                NA          10    2008-01-08
    ## 2169       NA            NA                NA           7    2008-01-08
    ## 2170       28             0                10          48    2008-01-08
    ## 2171       NA            NA                NA          37    2008-01-08
    ## 2172       NA            NA                NA           7    2008-01-08
    ## 2173       NA            NA                NA          11    2008-01-08
    ## 2174       NA            NA                NA          27    2008-01-08
    ## 2175       NA            NA                NA          35    2008-01-08
    ## 2176       NA            NA                NA          10    2008-01-08
    ## 2177       NA            NA                NA          33    2008-01-08
    ## 2178       NA            NA                NA          14    2008-01-08
    ## 2179       NA            NA                NA           9    2008-01-08
    ## 2180       NA            NA                NA          14    2008-01-08
    ## 2181       NA            NA                NA          11    2008-01-08
    ## 2182       NA            NA                NA          21    2008-01-08
    ## 2183        2             0                 0          30    2008-01-08
    ## 2184       NA            NA                NA          16    2008-01-08
    ## 2185       NA            NA                NA          36    2008-01-08
    ## 2186       NA            NA                NA          22    2008-01-08
    ## 2187       NA            NA                NA           8    2008-01-08
    ## 2188       NA            NA                NA          17    2008-01-08
    ## 2189       NA            NA                NA          23    2008-01-08
    ## 2190       NA            NA                NA          22    2008-01-08
    ## 2191       NA            NA                NA          23    2008-01-08
    ## 2192       NA            NA                NA          10    2008-01-08
    ## 2193       NA            NA                NA          19    2008-01-08
    ## 2194       NA            NA                NA           9    2008-01-08
    ## 2195       NA            NA                NA          11    2008-01-08
    ## 2196       NA            NA                NA          15    2008-01-08
    ## 2197       NA            NA                NA          29    2008-01-08
    ## 2198       NA            NA                NA          65    2008-01-08
    ## 2199       NA            NA                NA          14    2008-01-08
    ## 2200       NA            NA                NA           7    2008-01-08
    ## 2201       NA            NA                NA           2    2008-01-08
    ## 2202       NA            NA                NA          10    2008-01-08
    ## 2203       NA            NA                NA          14    2008-01-08
    ## 2204      148             0                16         305    2008-01-08
    ## 2205       NA            NA                NA          12    2008-01-08
    ## 2206        0             0                44          92    2008-01-08
    ## 2207        7             0                43         104    2008-01-08
    ## 2208       NA            NA                NA          15    2008-01-08
    ## 2209       NA            NA                NA           8    2008-01-08
    ## 2210       NA            NA                NA          24    2008-01-08
    ## 2211       NA            NA                NA          18    2008-01-08
    ## 2212        5             0                14          37    2008-01-08
    ## 2213        0             0                75         159    2008-01-08
    ## 2214       NA            NA                NA           4    2008-01-08
    ## 2215       NA            NA                NA          15    2008-01-08
    ## 2216       NA            NA                NA          19    2008-01-08
    ## 2217       NA            NA                NA           5    2008-01-08
    ## 2218       NA            NA                NA           8    2008-01-08
    ## 2219       NA            NA                NA          26    2008-01-08
    ## 2220        3             0                18          46    2008-01-08
    ## 2221       NA            NA                NA          17    2008-01-08
    ## 2222       NA            NA                NA           8    2008-01-08
    ## 2223       NA            NA                NA           3    2008-01-08
    ## 2224       NA            NA                NA           9    2008-01-08
    ## 2225       NA            NA                NA          11    2008-01-08
    ## 2226       25             0                 0          26    2008-01-08
    ## 2227       NA            NA                NA          22    2008-01-08
    ## 2228       NA            NA                NA           9    2008-01-08
    ## 2229       NA            NA                NA          10    2008-01-08
    ## 2230       NA            NA                NA          15    2008-01-08
    ## 2231       NA            NA                NA          13    2008-01-08
    ## 2232        0             0                37          76    2008-01-08
    ## 2233       NA            NA                NA          15    2008-01-08
    ## 2234        0             0                16          34    2008-01-08
    ## 2235       25             0                 0          26    2008-01-08
    ## 2236      159             0                 0         314    2008-01-08
    ## 2237       NA            NA                NA          28    2008-01-08
    ## 2238       NA            NA                NA          14    2008-01-08
    ## 2239        0             0                 0          94    2008-01-08
    ## 2240       NA            NA                NA           5    2008-01-08
    ## 2241       NA            NA                NA           6    2008-01-08
    ## 2242       NA            NA                NA          29    2008-01-08
    ## 2243       NA            NA                NA          10    2008-01-08
    ## 2244       NA            NA                NA          12    2008-01-08
    ## 2245       NA            NA                NA          14    2008-01-08
    ## 2246       NA            NA                NA           8    2008-01-08
    ## 2247       NA            NA                NA           2    2008-01-08
    ## 2248       NA            NA                NA           1    2008-01-08
    ## 2249       NA            NA                NA          17    2008-01-08
    ## 2250       NA            NA                NA           2    2008-01-08
    ## 2251       NA            NA                NA          13    2008-01-08
    ## 2252       NA            NA                NA          18    2008-01-08
    ## 2253       NA            NA                NA           1    2008-01-08
    ## 2254        0             0                65         155    2008-01-08
    ## 2255       NA            NA                NA           5    2008-01-08
    ## 2256       NA            NA                NA           7    2008-01-08
    ## 2257       NA            NA                NA           7    2008-01-08
    ## 2258        0             0               110         235    2008-01-08
    ## 2259       NA            NA                NA          NA    2008-01-08
    ## 2260       NA            NA                NA           5    2008-01-09
    ## 2261       NA            NA                NA           3    2008-01-09
    ## 2262       NA            NA                NA           9    2008-01-09
    ## 2263       NA            NA                NA          11    2008-01-09
    ## 2264       NA            NA                NA           6    2008-01-09
    ## 2265       NA            NA                NA           3    2008-01-09
    ## 2266       NA            NA                NA           9    2008-01-09
    ## 2267       NA            NA                NA          18    2008-01-09
    ## 2268       NA            NA                NA          20    2008-01-09
    ## 2269       NA            NA                NA          10    2008-01-09
    ## 2270       NA            NA                NA           8    2008-01-09
    ## 2271       NA            NA                NA          11    2008-01-09
    ## 2272       NA            NA                NA           6    2008-01-09
    ## 2273       NA            NA                NA          10    2008-01-09
    ## 2274       NA            NA                NA          13    2008-01-09
    ## 2275       NA            NA                NA           7    2008-01-09
    ## 2276       NA            NA                NA          17    2008-01-09
    ## 2277       NA            NA                NA          14    2008-01-09
    ## 2278       NA            NA                NA          15    2008-01-09
    ## 2279       NA            NA                NA           4    2008-01-09
    ## 2280       NA            NA                NA          11    2008-01-09
    ## 2281       NA            NA                NA          21    2008-01-09
    ## 2282       NA            NA                NA          22    2008-01-09
    ## 2283       NA            NA                NA           9    2008-01-09
    ## 2284       NA            NA                NA          11    2008-01-09
    ## 2285       NA            NA                NA           2    2008-01-09
    ## 2286       NA            NA                NA           4    2008-01-09
    ## 2287       NA            NA                NA          14    2008-01-09
    ## 2288       NA            NA                NA          16    2008-01-09
    ## 2289       NA            NA                NA          19    2008-01-09
    ## 2290       NA            NA                NA           5    2008-01-09
    ## 2291       NA            NA                NA           8    2008-01-09
    ## 2292       NA            NA                NA          15    2008-01-09
    ## 2293       NA            NA                NA          14    2008-01-09
    ## 2294       NA            NA                NA           8    2008-01-09
    ## 2295       NA            NA                NA           7    2008-01-09
    ## 2296       NA            NA                NA          12    2008-01-09
    ## 2297       NA            NA                NA          22    2008-01-09
    ## 2298       NA            NA                NA          29    2008-01-09
    ## 2299       NA            NA                NA          11    2008-01-09
    ## 2300       NA            NA                NA           4    2008-01-09
    ## 2301       NA            NA                NA          18    2008-01-09
    ## 2302       NA            NA                NA          34    2008-01-09
    ## 2303       NA            NA                NA           5    2008-01-09
    ## 2304       NA            NA                NA          21    2008-01-09
    ## 2305       NA            NA                NA          14    2008-01-09
    ## 2306       NA            NA                NA          13    2008-01-09
    ## 2307       NA            NA                NA          25    2008-01-09
    ## 2308       NA            NA                NA          19    2008-01-09
    ## 2309       NA            NA                NA           6    2008-01-09
    ## 2310       NA            NA                NA          19    2008-01-09
    ## 2311       13             0                 0          51    2008-01-09
    ## 2312       NA            NA                NA          26    2008-01-09
    ## 2313       NA            NA                NA          15    2008-01-09
    ## 2314       NA            NA                NA          21    2008-01-09
    ## 2315       NA            NA                NA           7    2008-01-09
    ## 2316       NA            NA                NA           7    2008-01-09
    ## 2317       NA            NA                NA          25    2008-01-09
    ## 2318       NA            NA                NA           5    2008-01-09
    ## 2319       NA            NA                NA           9    2008-01-09
    ## 2320        0             0                 0          74    2008-01-09
    ## 2321       NA            NA                NA           8    2008-01-09
    ## 2322       NA            NA                NA          10    2008-01-09
    ## 2323       NA            NA                NA           9    2008-01-09
    ## 2324       NA            NA                NA           3    2008-01-09
    ## 2325       NA            NA                NA          17    2008-01-09
    ## 2326       NA            NA                NA           4    2008-01-09
    ## 2327       NA            NA                NA           3    2008-01-09
    ## 2328       NA            NA                NA           7    2008-01-09
    ## 2329       NA            NA                NA          18    2008-01-09
    ## 2330       NA            NA                NA          10    2008-01-09
    ## 2331       NA            NA                NA          14    2008-01-09
    ## 2332       NA            NA                NA           6    2008-01-09
    ## 2333       NA            NA                NA           9    2008-01-09
    ## 2334       NA            NA                NA          19    2008-01-09
    ## 2335       NA            NA                NA          25    2008-01-09
    ## 2336       NA            NA                NA          25    2008-01-09
    ## 2337       NA            NA                NA          15    2008-01-09
    ## 2338       NA            NA                NA           7    2008-01-09
    ## 2339       NA            NA                NA           4    2008-01-09
    ## 2340       NA            NA                NA          19    2008-01-09
    ## 2341       NA            NA                NA           9    2008-01-09
    ## 2342        0             0                20          50    2008-01-09
    ## 2343       NA            NA                NA          24    2008-01-09
    ## 2344       NA            NA                NA          13    2008-01-09
    ## 2345       NA            NA                NA           7    2008-01-09
    ## 2346       NA            NA                NA          19    2008-01-09
    ## 2347       NA            NA                NA          16    2008-01-09
    ## 2348       NA            NA                NA          18    2008-01-09
    ## 2349       NA            NA                NA           3    2008-01-09
    ## 2350       NA            NA                NA          18    2008-01-09
    ## 2351       NA            NA                NA          26    2008-01-09
    ## 2352       NA            NA                NA           3    2008-01-09
    ## 2353       NA            NA                NA          17    2008-01-09
    ## 2354       NA            NA                NA          20    2008-01-09
    ## 2355       NA            NA                NA           4    2008-01-09
    ## 2356       NA            NA                NA           7    2008-01-09
    ## 2357       NA            NA                NA           7    2008-01-09
    ## 2358       NA            NA                NA          26    2008-01-09
    ## 2359       NA            NA                NA          26    2008-01-09
    ## 2360       NA            NA                NA          13    2008-01-09
    ## 2361       NA            NA                NA          22    2008-01-09
    ## 2362       NA            NA                NA          18    2008-01-09
    ## 2363       15             0                 0          35    2008-01-09
    ## 2364        0             0                 0         138    2008-01-09
    ## 2365       NA            NA                NA          12    2008-01-09
    ## 2366       NA            NA                NA           3    2008-01-09
    ## 2367       NA            NA                NA          19    2008-01-09
    ## 2368       NA            NA                NA          10    2008-01-09
    ## 2369       NA            NA                NA          19    2008-01-09
    ## 2370       NA            NA                NA          17    2008-01-09
    ## 2371       NA            NA                NA          12    2008-01-09
    ## 2372       NA            NA                NA           6    2008-01-09
    ## 2373        0             0                35          88    2008-01-09
    ## 2374       NA            NA                NA          20    2008-01-09
    ## 2375       NA            NA                NA          23    2008-01-09
    ## 2376        0             0                53         112    2008-01-09
    ## 2377       NA            NA                NA          16    2008-01-09
    ## 2378       NA            NA                NA          30    2008-01-09
    ## 2379       NA            NA                NA           3    2008-01-09
    ## 2380       NA            NA                NA          16    2008-01-09
    ## 2381       NA            NA                NA          15    2008-01-09
    ## 2382       NA            NA                NA           9    2008-01-09
    ## 2383       NA            NA                NA          22    2008-01-09
    ## 2384       NA            NA                NA           5    2008-01-09
    ## 2385       NA            NA                NA           3    2008-01-09
    ## 2386       NA            NA                NA          16    2008-01-09
    ## 2387       NA            NA                NA           9    2008-01-09
    ## 2388       NA            NA                NA          18    2008-01-09
    ## 2389       NA            NA                NA           8    2008-01-09
    ## 2390       NA            NA                NA           7    2008-01-09
    ## 2391       NA            NA                NA           2    2008-01-09
    ## 2392       90             0                 0         170    2008-01-09
    ## 2393       NA            NA                NA          18    2008-01-09
    ## 2394       NA            NA                NA          16    2008-01-09
    ## 2395       NA            NA                NA          20    2008-01-09
    ## 2396       NA            NA                NA           8    2008-01-09
    ## 2397       NA            NA                NA          17    2008-01-09
    ## 2398       NA            NA                NA          16    2008-01-09
    ## 2399       NA            NA                NA          12    2008-01-09
    ## 2400       NA            NA                NA          21    2008-01-09
    ## 2401       NA            NA                NA          17    2008-01-09
    ## 2402       NA            NA                NA          10    2008-01-09
    ## 2403       NA            NA                NA           5    2008-01-09
    ## 2404       NA            NA                NA          24    2008-01-09
    ## 2405       NA            NA                NA          15    2008-01-09
    ## 2406       NA            NA                NA           4    2008-01-09
    ## 2407       NA            NA                NA          21    2008-01-09
    ## 2408        0             0                21          23    2008-01-09
    ## 2409       NA            NA                NA          20    2008-01-09
    ## 2410       10             0                 0          24    2008-01-09
    ## 2411       NA            NA                NA           6    2008-01-09
    ## 2412       NA            NA                NA          14    2008-01-09
    ## 2413        0             0                 0          35    2008-01-09
    ## 2414       NA            NA                NA          14    2008-01-09
    ## 2415       NA            NA                NA          11    2008-01-09
    ## 2416       NA            NA                NA          14    2008-01-09
    ## 2417       NA            NA                NA          NA    2008-01-09
    ## 2418       NA            NA                NA          13    2008-01-09
    ## 2419       NA            NA                NA           6    2008-01-09
    ## 2420       NA            NA                NA          14    2008-01-09
    ## 2421       NA            NA                NA          31    2008-01-09
    ## 2422       NA            NA                NA          18    2008-01-09
    ## 2423       NA            NA                NA           9    2008-01-09
    ## 2424       NA            NA                NA          23    2008-01-09
    ## 2425       NA            NA                NA          25    2008-01-09
    ## 2426       NA            NA                NA           5    2008-01-09
    ## 2427       NA            NA                NA          13    2008-01-09
    ## 2428        3             0                 0          91    2008-01-09
    ## 2429       NA            NA                NA          12    2008-01-09
    ## 2430       NA            NA                NA           4    2008-01-09
    ## 2431        0             0                 0          34    2008-01-09
    ## 2432       NA            NA                NA           5    2008-01-09
    ## 2433       NA            NA                NA          31    2008-01-09
    ## 2434       NA            NA                NA          12    2008-01-09
    ## 2435       NA            NA                NA           7    2008-01-09
    ## 2436       NA            NA                NA          18    2008-01-09
    ## 2437       NA            NA                NA           0    2008-01-09
    ## 2438       NA            NA                NA           2    2008-01-09
    ## 2439       NA            NA                NA          20    2008-01-09
    ## 2440       NA            NA                NA           5    2008-01-09
    ## 2441       NA            NA                NA          11    2008-01-09
    ## 2442       NA            NA                NA          15    2008-01-09
    ## 2443        0             0                 0         105    2008-01-09
    ## 2444       NA            NA                NA          16    2008-01-09
    ## 2445       NA            NA                NA          20    2008-01-09
    ## 2446       NA            NA                NA           6    2008-01-09
    ## 2447       NA            NA                NA           5    2008-01-09
    ## 2448       NA            NA                NA           6    2008-01-09
    ## 2449       NA            NA                NA           7    2008-01-09
    ## 2450       NA            NA                NA          11    2008-01-09
    ## 2451       NA            NA                NA          21    2008-01-09
    ## 2452       NA            NA                NA           9    2008-01-09
    ## 2453       16             0                 0          36    2008-01-09
    ## 2454       NA            NA                NA          28    2008-01-09
    ## 2455       NA            NA                NA          27    2008-01-09
    ## 2456       NA            NA                NA          26    2008-01-09
    ## 2457       NA            NA                NA           2    2008-01-09
    ## 2458       NA            NA                NA          16    2008-01-09
    ## 2459       NA            NA                NA          16    2008-01-09
    ## 2460       NA            NA                NA          12    2008-01-09
    ## 2461       NA            NA                NA           8    2008-01-09
    ## 2462       NA            NA                NA          36    2008-01-09
    ## 2463       NA            NA                NA           8    2008-01-09
    ## 2464       29             0                 0          43    2008-01-09
    ## 2465       NA            NA                NA          18    2008-01-09
    ## 2466       NA            NA                NA          26    2008-01-09
    ## 2467       NA            NA                NA           7    2008-01-09
    ## 2468       NA            NA                NA           8    2008-01-09
    ## 2469       NA            NA                NA          19    2008-01-09
    ## 2470       NA            NA                NA          20    2008-01-09
    ## 2471        0             0                16         213    2008-01-09
    ## 2472       NA            NA                NA          18    2008-01-09
    ## 2473       NA            NA                NA          34    2008-01-09
    ## 2474       NA            NA                NA          27    2008-01-09
    ## 2475       NA            NA                NA          18    2008-01-09
    ## 2476       NA            NA                NA          31    2008-01-09
    ## 2477       NA            NA                NA          16    2008-01-09
    ## 2478       NA            NA                NA          19    2008-01-09
    ## 2479       NA            NA                NA          42    2008-01-09
    ## 2480       NA            NA                NA          23    2008-01-09
    ## 2481       NA            NA                NA          18    2008-01-09
    ## 2482       NA            NA                NA           4    2008-01-09
    ## 2483       NA            NA                NA           5    2008-01-09
    ## 2484       NA            NA                NA           4    2008-01-09
    ## 2485       NA            NA                NA          34    2008-01-09
    ## 2486       NA            NA                NA          11    2008-01-09
    ## 2487       NA            NA                NA          25    2008-01-09
    ## 2488       NA            NA                NA           5    2008-01-09
    ## 2489       NA            NA                NA          18    2008-01-09
    ## 2490       NA            NA                NA           9    2008-01-09
    ## 2491       NA            NA                NA          28    2008-01-09
    ## 2492       24             0                 0          26    2008-01-09
    ## 2493       NA            NA                NA          33    2008-01-09
    ## 2494       NA            NA                NA          13    2008-01-09
    ## 2495       NA            NA                NA           8    2008-01-09
    ## 2496       NA            NA                NA          36    2008-01-09
    ## 2497       NA            NA                NA           4    2008-01-09
    ## 2498       NA            NA                NA          15    2008-01-09
    ## 2499       NA            NA                NA           8    2008-01-09
    ## 2500        0             0                27          55    2008-01-09
    ## 2501       NA            NA                NA           7    2008-01-09
    ## 2502       NA            NA                NA           9    2008-01-09
    ## 2503       NA            NA                NA          37    2008-01-09
    ## 2504       NA            NA                NA          10    2008-01-09
    ## 2505       NA            NA                NA           8    2008-01-09
    ## 2506        0             0                34          87    2008-01-09
    ## 2507       NA            NA                NA          22    2008-01-09
    ## 2508       NA            NA                NA          11    2008-01-09
    ## 2509       NA            NA                NA           9    2008-01-09
    ## 2510       NA            NA                NA          20    2008-01-09
    ## 2511       NA            NA                NA          15    2008-01-09
    ## 2512       NA            NA                NA          11    2008-01-09
    ## 2513       NA            NA                NA          20    2008-01-09
    ## 2514       NA            NA                NA          10    2008-01-09
    ## 2515       NA            NA                NA           8    2008-01-09
    ## 2516       NA            NA                NA          15    2008-01-09
    ## 2517        0             0                22          33    2008-01-09
    ## 2518       NA            NA                NA          15    2008-01-09
    ## 2519       22             0                 0          26    2008-01-09
    ## 2520       NA            NA                NA           6    2008-01-09
    ## 2521       NA            NA                NA           2    2008-01-09
    ## 2522        0             0                18          41    2008-01-09
    ## 2523       NA            NA                NA          10    2008-01-09
    ## 2524       NA            NA                NA           8    2008-01-09
    ## 2525       NA            NA                NA          21    2008-01-09
    ## 2526       NA            NA                NA           4    2008-01-09
    ## 2527        7             0                25          65    2008-01-09
    ## 2528       NA            NA                NA           9    2008-01-09
    ## 2529       NA            NA                NA           6    2008-01-09
    ## 2530       17             0                10          53    2008-01-09
    ## 2531       NA            NA                NA          11    2008-01-09
    ## 2532       NA            NA                NA          10    2008-01-09
    ## 2533        0             0                21          82    2008-01-09
    ## 2534       NA            NA                NA          17    2008-01-09
    ## 2535       NA            NA                NA          13    2008-01-09
    ## 2536       NA            NA                NA          14    2008-01-09
    ## 2537       NA            NA                NA           8    2008-01-09
    ## 2538       NA            NA                NA          10    2008-01-09
    ## 2539        2             0                 3         212    2008-01-09
    ## 2540       NA            NA                NA           6    2008-01-09
    ## 2541       NA            NA                NA           9    2008-01-09
    ## 2542        0             0                18          39    2008-01-09
    ## 2543       NA            NA                NA           8    2008-01-09
    ## 2544       NA            NA                NA           1    2008-01-09
    ## 2545       NA            NA                NA          10    2008-01-09
    ## 2546        0             0                 0          69    2008-01-09
    ## 2547        0             0                93         193    2008-01-09
    ## 2548       NA            NA                NA           3    2008-01-09
    ## 2549       NA            NA                NA           9    2008-01-09
    ## 2550       NA            NA                NA          NA    2008-01-09
    ## 2551       NA            NA                NA          NA    2008-01-09
    ## 2552       NA            NA                NA           6    2008-01-10
    ## 2553       NA            NA                NA           7    2008-01-10
    ## 2554       NA            NA                NA          17    2008-01-10
    ## 2555       NA            NA                NA          16    2008-01-10
    ## 2556       NA            NA                NA           6    2008-01-10
    ## 2557       22             0                 0          27    2008-01-10
    ## 2558       NA            NA                NA          12    2008-01-10
    ## 2559       NA            NA                NA          26    2008-01-10
    ## 2560       NA            NA                NA          12    2008-01-10
    ## 2561       NA            NA                NA          15    2008-01-10
    ## 2562       NA            NA                NA          32    2008-01-10
    ## 2563       NA            NA                NA          10    2008-01-10
    ## 2564       NA            NA                NA           6    2008-01-10
    ## 2565       NA            NA                NA           8    2008-01-10
    ## 2566       NA            NA                NA           3    2008-01-10
    ## 2567       NA            NA                NA          16    2008-01-10
    ## 2568       NA            NA                NA          13    2008-01-10
    ## 2569       NA            NA                NA          10    2008-01-10
    ## 2570       NA            NA                NA          14    2008-01-10
    ## 2571       NA            NA                NA          20    2008-01-10
    ## 2572       NA            NA                NA          10    2008-01-10
    ## 2573       NA            NA                NA          12    2008-01-10
    ## 2574       NA            NA                NA          23    2008-01-10
    ## 2575       NA            NA                NA           4    2008-01-10
    ## 2576       NA            NA                NA           3    2008-01-10
    ## 2577       NA            NA                NA           9    2008-01-10
    ## 2578       NA            NA                NA          18    2008-01-10
    ## 2579       22             0                 0          29    2008-01-10
    ## 2580       NA            NA                NA           8    2008-01-10
    ## 2581       NA            NA                NA           5    2008-01-10
    ## 2582       NA            NA                NA          28    2008-01-10
    ## 2583       90             0                 0         124    2008-01-10
    ## 2584       NA            NA                NA           6    2008-01-10
    ## 2585       NA            NA                NA          15    2008-01-10
    ## 2586       NA            NA                NA           6    2008-01-10
    ## 2587       NA            NA                NA          15    2008-01-10
    ## 2588       NA            NA                NA          13    2008-01-10
    ## 2589       NA            NA                NA           1    2008-01-10
    ## 2590       NA            NA                NA          18    2008-01-10
    ## 2591       NA            NA                NA          14    2008-01-10
    ## 2592       NA            NA                NA          22    2008-01-10
    ## 2593       NA            NA                NA          16    2008-01-10
    ## 2594       NA            NA                NA           8    2008-01-10
    ## 2595       NA            NA                NA           5    2008-01-10
    ## 2596        0             0                 0          37    2008-01-10
    ## 2597       NA            NA                NA          13    2008-01-10
    ## 2598       NA            NA                NA          12    2008-01-10
    ## 2599       NA            NA                NA           2    2008-01-10
    ## 2600       59             0                 0          66    2008-01-10
    ## 2601       NA            NA                NA           4    2008-01-10
    ## 2602       NA            NA                NA           4    2008-01-10
    ## 2603       NA            NA                NA          11    2008-01-10
    ## 2604       NA            NA                NA          14    2008-01-10
    ## 2605       21             0                 0          24    2008-01-10
    ## 2606       NA            NA                NA          19    2008-01-10
    ## 2607       NA            NA                NA          14    2008-01-10
    ## 2608       NA            NA                NA           6    2008-01-10
    ## 2609       NA            NA                NA          10    2008-01-10
    ## 2610       NA            NA                NA           6    2008-01-10
    ## 2611       NA            NA                NA          23    2008-01-10
    ## 2612       NA            NA                NA          25    2008-01-10
    ## 2613       44             0                 0          45    2008-01-10
    ## 2614        7             0                 0          45    2008-01-10
    ## 2615       NA            NA                NA          10    2008-01-10
    ## 2616        0             0                16          49    2008-01-10
    ## 2617       NA            NA                NA          18    2008-01-10
    ## 2618       NA            NA                NA          16    2008-01-10
    ## 2619       NA            NA                NA           4    2008-01-10
    ## 2620       NA            NA                NA          19    2008-01-10
    ## 2621       16             0                 0          22    2008-01-10
    ## 2622       19             0                 0          20    2008-01-10
    ## 2623        0             0                15          15    2008-01-10
    ## 2624       NA            NA                NA           5    2008-01-10
    ## 2625       NA            NA                NA          24    2008-01-10
    ## 2626       NA            NA                NA          29    2008-01-10
    ## 2627       NA            NA                NA           9    2008-01-10
    ## 2628       NA            NA                NA          10    2008-01-10
    ## 2629       NA            NA                NA           1    2008-01-10
    ## 2630       NA            NA                NA          31    2008-01-10
    ## 2631       NA            NA                NA           7    2008-01-10
    ## 2632       NA            NA                NA          23    2008-01-10
    ## 2633       NA            NA                NA          17    2008-01-10
    ## 2634       NA            NA                NA           3    2008-01-10
    ## 2635       NA            NA                NA           7    2008-01-10
    ## 2636       NA            NA                NA          19    2008-01-10
    ## 2637       NA            NA                NA           9    2008-01-10
    ## 2638       NA            NA                NA           4    2008-01-10
    ## 2639       NA            NA                NA           7    2008-01-10
    ## 2640       NA            NA                NA           9    2008-01-10
    ## 2641        6             0                14          34    2008-01-10
    ## 2642       NA            NA                NA          31    2008-01-10
    ## 2643       10             0                70         150    2008-01-10
    ## 2644       NA            NA                NA           7    2008-01-10
    ## 2645       21             0                38         103    2008-01-10
    ## 2646       NA            NA                NA          22    2008-01-10
    ## 2647       NA            NA                NA           5    2008-01-10
    ## 2648       NA            NA                NA          10    2008-01-10
    ## 2649       NA            NA                NA          17    2008-01-10
    ## 2650        0             0                16          54    2008-01-10
    ## 2651       NA            NA                NA          13    2008-01-10
    ## 2652       NA            NA                NA           6    2008-01-10
    ## 2653       NA            NA                NA          16    2008-01-10
    ## 2654       NA            NA                NA          17    2008-01-10
    ## 2655       NA            NA                NA           3    2008-01-10
    ## 2656       NA            NA                NA           5    2008-01-10
    ## 2657       NA            NA                NA           8    2008-01-10
    ## 2658       NA            NA                NA          12    2008-01-10
    ## 2659       NA            NA                NA          19    2008-01-10
    ## 2660       NA            NA                NA           6    2008-01-10
    ## 2661        2             0                39          80    2008-01-10
    ## 2662        5             0                16          37    2008-01-10
    ## 2663       NA            NA                NA           9    2008-01-10
    ## 2664       NA            NA                NA           1    2008-01-10
    ## 2665       37             0                 0          69    2008-01-10
    ## 2666       NA            NA                NA           1    2008-01-10
    ## 2667       NA            NA                NA          15    2008-01-10
    ## 2668       NA            NA                NA          16    2008-01-10
    ## 2669       NA            NA                NA          18    2008-01-10
    ## 2670       NA            NA                NA          43    2008-01-10
    ## 2671       NA            NA                NA          41    2008-01-10
    ## 2672       NA            NA                NA          16    2008-01-10
    ## 2673       NA            NA                NA           6    2008-01-10
    ## 2674       20             0                 0          23    2008-01-10
    ## 2675       NA            NA                NA          23    2008-01-10
    ## 2676       NA            NA                NA          12    2008-01-10
    ## 2677        0             0                15          62    2008-01-10
    ## 2678       NA            NA                NA          11    2008-01-10
    ## 2679       NA            NA                NA           3    2008-01-10
    ## 2680       NA            NA                NA          22    2008-01-10
    ## 2681       NA            NA                NA           9    2008-01-10
    ## 2682       NA            NA                NA          11    2008-01-10
    ## 2683       NA            NA                NA           5    2008-01-10
    ## 2684       NA            NA                NA          26    2008-01-10
    ## 2685        0             0                26          55    2008-01-10
    ## 2686        0             0                54         112    2008-01-10
    ## 2687       NA            NA                NA           9    2008-01-10
    ## 2688       NA            NA                NA          40    2008-01-10
    ## 2689       NA            NA                NA          13    2008-01-10
    ## 2690       NA            NA                NA          17    2008-01-10
    ## 2691       NA            NA                NA          14    2008-01-10
    ## 2692       NA            NA                NA           2    2008-01-10
    ## 2693       19             0                 0          23    2008-01-10
    ## 2694       NA            NA                NA          13    2008-01-10
    ## 2695       NA            NA                NA           7    2008-01-10
    ## 2696       NA            NA                NA           7    2008-01-10
    ## 2697       NA            NA                NA           6    2008-01-10
    ## 2698        6             0                 0          56    2008-01-10
    ## 2699        0             0                 0          63    2008-01-10
    ## 2700       NA            NA                NA          27    2008-01-10
    ## 2701       NA            NA                NA          16    2008-01-10
    ## 2702       NA            NA                NA          20    2008-01-10
    ## 2703       NA            NA                NA           8    2008-01-10
    ## 2704       NA            NA                NA          12    2008-01-10
    ## 2705       NA            NA                NA          14    2008-01-10
    ## 2706       NA            NA                NA           3    2008-01-10
    ## 2707       NA            NA                NA           8    2008-01-10
    ## 2708       NA            NA                NA           5    2008-01-10
    ## 2709       NA            NA                NA           5    2008-01-10
    ## 2710       NA            NA                NA          16    2008-01-10
    ## 2711       NA            NA                NA          20    2008-01-10
    ## 2712       NA            NA                NA          12    2008-01-10
    ## 2713       NA            NA                NA          11    2008-01-10
    ## 2714       NA            NA                NA           4    2008-01-10
    ## 2715       NA            NA                NA          18    2008-01-10
    ## 2716       NA            NA                NA          11    2008-01-10
    ## 2717       18             0                22          74    2008-01-10
    ## 2718       NA            NA                NA          13    2008-01-10
    ## 2719       NA            NA                NA          15    2008-01-10
    ## 2720       NA            NA                NA           2    2008-01-10
    ## 2721       NA            NA                NA          10    2008-01-10
    ## 2722        5             0                 8          29    2008-01-10
    ## 2723       NA            NA                NA           5    2008-01-10
    ## 2724       NA            NA                NA          16    2008-01-10
    ## 2725       NA            NA                NA           4    2008-01-10
    ## 2726       NA            NA                NA          12    2008-01-10
    ## 2727       NA            NA                NA          33    2008-01-10
    ## 2728        0             0                54         172    2008-01-10
    ## 2729       NA            NA                NA           5    2008-01-10
    ## 2730       NA            NA                NA           9    2008-01-10
    ## 2731       NA            NA                NA           4    2008-01-10
    ## 2732       13             0                 8          61    2008-01-10
    ## 2733       NA            NA                NA           7    2008-01-10
    ## 2734        6             0                 0          34    2008-01-10
    ## 2735       NA            NA                NA          10    2008-01-10
    ## 2736       NA            NA                NA           6    2008-01-10
    ## 2737       NA            NA                NA           8    2008-01-10
    ## 2738       NA            NA                NA          10    2008-01-10
    ## 2739       NA            NA                NA           2    2008-01-10
    ## 2740       NA            NA                NA          29    2008-01-10
    ## 2741       NA            NA                NA           5    2008-01-10
    ## 2742       NA            NA                NA          12    2008-01-10
    ## 2743       NA            NA                NA          25    2008-01-10
    ## 2744        0             0                26          67    2008-01-10
    ## 2745        0             0                 0          66    2008-01-10
    ## 2746       NA            NA                NA          10    2008-01-10
    ## 2747       NA            NA                NA           4    2008-01-10
    ## 2748       NA            NA                NA          12    2008-01-10
    ## 2749        5             0                19          43    2008-01-10
    ## 2750       NA            NA                NA          10    2008-01-10
    ## 2751       NA            NA                NA          15    2008-01-10
    ## 2752       NA            NA                NA           3    2008-01-10
    ## 2753       19             0                 0          47    2008-01-10
    ## 2754       NA            NA                NA          18    2008-01-10
    ## 2755       NA            NA                NA          10    2008-01-10
    ## 2756       NA            NA                NA           4    2008-01-10
    ## 2757       16             0                 0          22    2008-01-10
    ## 2758       NA            NA                NA           8    2008-01-10
    ## 2759       NA            NA                NA           5    2008-01-10
    ## 2760       NA            NA                NA          25    2008-01-10
    ## 2761        0             0                 0          59    2008-01-10
    ## 2762       NA            NA                NA          14    2008-01-10
    ## 2763       NA            NA                NA           5    2008-01-10
    ## 2764       11             0                 0          29    2008-01-10
    ## 2765       NA            NA                NA          15    2008-01-10
    ## 2766       NA            NA                NA          25    2008-01-10
    ## 2767       NA            NA                NA           5    2008-01-10
    ## 2768       NA            NA                NA          14    2008-01-10
    ## 2769       NA            NA                NA          14    2008-01-10
    ## 2770       NA            NA                NA          19    2008-01-10
    ## 2771       NA            NA                NA          67    2008-01-10
    ## 2772        0             0                52         109    2008-01-10
    ## 2773       NA            NA                NA           4    2008-01-10
    ## 2774       NA            NA                NA           4    2008-01-10
    ## 2775       NA            NA                NA           8    2008-01-10
    ## 2776       NA            NA                NA           6    2008-01-10
    ## 2777       NA            NA                NA           5    2008-01-10
    ## 2778       NA            NA                NA          13    2008-01-10
    ## 2779       NA            NA                NA           4    2008-01-10
    ## 2780       NA            NA                NA           4    2008-01-10
    ## 2781       NA            NA                NA          11    2008-01-10
    ## 2782       NA            NA                NA           4    2008-01-10
    ## 2783       17             0                20          57    2008-01-10
    ## 2784       NA            NA                NA          27    2008-01-10
    ## 2785       NA            NA                NA           2    2008-01-10
    ## 2786       NA            NA                NA           9    2008-01-10
    ## 2787       NA            NA                NA          10    2008-01-10
    ## 2788       NA            NA                NA           1    2008-01-10
    ## 2789       52             0                 0         112    2008-01-10
    ## 2790       NA            NA                NA          32    2008-01-10
    ## 2791       NA            NA                NA           3    2008-01-10
    ## 2792       NA            NA                NA          10    2008-01-10
    ## 2793       NA            NA                NA           6    2008-01-10
    ## 2794        9             0                29          68    2008-01-10
    ## 2795       NA            NA                NA          22    2008-01-10
    ## 2796       NA            NA                NA           1    2008-01-10
    ## 2797       14             0                 7          33    2008-01-10
    ## 2798       NA            NA                NA          15    2008-01-10
    ## 2799       12             0                23          58    2008-01-10
    ## 2800       NA            NA                NA           6    2008-01-10
    ## 2801       NA            NA                NA          24    2008-01-10
    ## 2802       NA            NA                NA          13    2008-01-10
    ## 2803       NA            NA                NA           2    2008-01-10
    ## 2804       NA            NA                NA          18    2008-01-10
    ## 2805      154             0                 0         251    2008-01-10
    ## 2806       NA            NA                NA           7    2008-01-10
    ## 2807       NA            NA                NA           2    2008-01-10
    ## 2808        2             0                24          60    2008-01-10
    ## 2809       NA            NA                NA           8    2008-01-10
    ## 2810       NA            NA                NA          16    2008-01-10
    ## 2811       NA            NA                NA          18    2008-01-10
    ## 2812       NA            NA                NA           2    2008-01-10
    ## 2813       NA            NA                NA           7    2008-01-10
    ## 2814       NA            NA                NA          11    2008-01-10
    ## 2815       NA            NA                NA          18    2008-01-10
    ## 2816       NA            NA                NA          24    2008-01-10
    ## 2817       NA            NA                NA           5    2008-01-10
    ## 2818       NA            NA                NA           4    2008-01-10
    ## 2819       NA            NA                NA          21    2008-01-10
    ## 2820       NA            NA                NA           8    2008-01-10
    ## 2821       NA            NA                NA          16    2008-01-10
    ## 2822       NA            NA                NA          18    2008-01-10
    ## 2823        0             0                18          41    2008-01-10
    ## 2824       NA            NA                NA           7    2008-01-10
    ## 2825       NA            NA                NA           8    2008-01-10
    ## 2826       NA            NA                NA           8    2008-01-10
    ## 2827       NA            NA                NA          10    2008-01-10
    ## 2828        0             0                18          39    2008-01-10
    ## 2829       NA            NA                NA          30    2008-01-10
    ## 2830       NA            NA                NA          17    2008-01-10
    ## 2831       NA            NA                NA          10    2008-01-10
    ## 2832       NA            NA                NA           5    2008-01-10
    ## 2833       NA            NA                NA           6    2008-01-10
    ## 2834        1             0                20          58    2008-01-10
    ## 2835       NA            NA                NA           4    2008-01-10
    ## 2836       NA            NA                NA          14    2008-01-10
    ## 2837       NA            NA                NA           6    2008-01-10
    ## 2838        1             0                25          51    2008-01-10
    ## 2839       NA            NA                NA           8    2008-01-10
    ## 2840       24             0                 0          64    2008-01-10
    ## 2841       NA            NA                NA          21    2008-01-10
    ## 2842        0             0                34         136    2008-01-10
    ## 2843       NA            NA                NA           4    2008-01-10
    ## 2844       NA            NA                NA          40    2008-01-10
    ## 2845       NA            NA                NA          15    2008-01-10
    ## 2846       NA            NA                NA          NA    2008-01-10
    ## 2847       NA            NA                NA          NA    2008-01-10
    ## 2848       NA            NA                NA          NA    2008-01-10
    ## 2849       NA            NA                NA          NA    2008-01-10
    ## 2850       NA            NA                NA          14    2008-01-11
    ## 2851       NA            NA                NA          13    2008-01-11
    ## 2852       NA            NA                NA           5    2008-01-11
    ## 2853       18             0                 0          22    2008-01-11
    ## 2854       NA            NA                NA           9    2008-01-11
    ## 2855       NA            NA                NA           7    2008-01-11
    ## 2856       NA            NA                NA          17    2008-01-11
    ## 2857       NA            NA                NA          13    2008-01-11
    ## 2858       NA            NA                NA          21    2008-01-11
    ## 2859       22             0                 0          28    2008-01-11
    ## 2860       NA            NA                NA           9    2008-01-11
    ## 2861       NA            NA                NA          14    2008-01-11
    ## 2862       NA            NA                NA           5    2008-01-11
    ## 2863       NA            NA                NA          11    2008-01-11
    ## 2864       NA            NA                NA           2    2008-01-11
    ## 2865       NA            NA                NA           4    2008-01-11
    ## 2866       NA            NA                NA          22    2008-01-11
    ## 2867        0             0                 0          80    2008-01-11
    ## 2868       NA            NA                NA          14    2008-01-11
    ## 2869       NA            NA                NA           8    2008-01-11
    ## 2870       NA            NA                NA           4    2008-01-11
    ## 2871       NA            NA                NA          18    2008-01-11
    ## 2872       NA            NA                NA          11    2008-01-11
    ## 2873       NA            NA                NA          10    2008-01-11
    ## 2874       NA            NA                NA          15    2008-01-11
    ## 2875       NA            NA                NA           9    2008-01-11
    ## 2876       NA            NA                NA           4    2008-01-11
    ## 2877       NA            NA                NA          12    2008-01-11
    ## 2878       NA            NA                NA          11    2008-01-11
    ## 2879       NA            NA                NA          17    2008-01-11
    ## 2880       NA            NA                NA          12    2008-01-11
    ## 2881       NA            NA                NA          20    2008-01-11
    ## 2882       NA            NA                NA           5    2008-01-11
    ## 2883       NA            NA                NA          29    2008-01-11
    ## 2884       NA            NA                NA          27    2008-01-11
    ## 2885       NA            NA                NA          12    2008-01-11
    ## 2886       NA            NA                NA          10    2008-01-11
    ## 2887       NA            NA                NA          19    2008-01-11
    ## 2888       NA            NA                NA           6    2008-01-11
    ## 2889       NA            NA                NA           7    2008-01-11
    ## 2890       NA            NA                NA          25    2008-01-11
    ## 2891       NA            NA                NA          12    2008-01-11
    ## 2892       NA            NA                NA          17    2008-01-11
    ## 2893       NA            NA                NA           9    2008-01-11
    ## 2894       NA            NA                NA          17    2008-01-11
    ## 2895       NA            NA                NA           2    2008-01-11
    ## 2896       NA            NA                NA           4    2008-01-11
    ## 2897       NA            NA                NA          16    2008-01-11
    ## 2898       NA            NA                NA          24    2008-01-11
    ## 2899       NA            NA                NA          24    2008-01-11
    ## 2900       54             0                14          82    2008-01-11
    ## 2901       NA            NA                NA          16    2008-01-11
    ## 2902       NA            NA                NA          31    2008-01-11
    ## 2903       NA            NA                NA           8    2008-01-11
    ## 2904       NA            NA                NA           9    2008-01-11
    ## 2905       NA            NA                NA           9    2008-01-11
    ## 2906       NA            NA                NA           6    2008-01-11
    ## 2907       NA            NA                NA          13    2008-01-11
    ## 2908       NA            NA                NA          14    2008-01-11
    ## 2909       NA            NA                NA          15    2008-01-11
    ## 2910       NA            NA                NA          19    2008-01-11
    ## 2911       NA            NA                NA           6    2008-01-11
    ## 2912       NA            NA                NA          11    2008-01-11
    ## 2913       NA            NA                NA          17    2008-01-11
    ## 2914       NA            NA                NA           4    2008-01-11
    ## 2915       NA            NA                NA          16    2008-01-11
    ## 2916       NA            NA                NA           5    2008-01-11
    ## 2917       NA            NA                NA           3    2008-01-11
    ## 2918       NA            NA                NA          24    2008-01-11
    ## 2919       NA            NA                NA          30    2008-01-11
    ## 2920       53             0                 0          58    2008-01-11
    ## 2921       NA            NA                NA          24    2008-01-11
    ## 2922       NA            NA                NA           9    2008-01-11
    ## 2923       NA            NA                NA          12    2008-01-11
    ## 2924       NA            NA                NA           1    2008-01-11
    ## 2925       NA            NA                NA          34    2008-01-11
    ## 2926        0             0                24          53    2008-01-11
    ## 2927       25             0                 0          55    2008-01-11
    ## 2928       NA            NA                NA          18    2008-01-11
    ## 2929       NA            NA                NA           9    2008-01-11
    ## 2930       19             0                96         215    2008-01-11
    ## 2931       NA            NA                NA           5    2008-01-11
    ## 2932       NA            NA                NA          20    2008-01-11
    ## 2933       NA            NA                NA          20    2008-01-11
    ## 2934       NA            NA                NA           6    2008-01-11
    ## 2935       NA            NA                NA           6    2008-01-11
    ## 2936       NA            NA                NA          16    2008-01-11
    ## 2937       NA            NA                NA          15    2008-01-11
    ## 2938       NA            NA                NA           2    2008-01-11
    ## 2939       NA            NA                NA          11    2008-01-11
    ## 2940       NA            NA                NA           3    2008-01-11
    ## 2941       NA            NA                NA           2    2008-01-11
    ## 2942       NA            NA                NA          12    2008-01-11
    ## 2943       NA            NA                NA          17    2008-01-11
    ## 2944       NA            NA                NA          16    2008-01-11
    ## 2945       NA            NA                NA          10    2008-01-11
    ## 2946       NA            NA                NA          19    2008-01-11
    ## 2947       NA            NA                NA          16    2008-01-11
    ## 2948       NA            NA                NA          28    2008-01-11
    ## 2949       NA            NA                NA          15    2008-01-11
    ## 2950       NA            NA                NA          39    2008-01-11
    ## 2951       NA            NA                NA           8    2008-01-11
    ## 2952       NA            NA                NA           6    2008-01-11
    ## 2953       NA            NA                NA          39    2008-01-11
    ## 2954       NA            NA                NA           8    2008-01-11
    ## 2955       NA            NA                NA          18    2008-01-11
    ## 2956       NA            NA                NA          14    2008-01-11
    ## 2957       NA            NA                NA           7    2008-01-11
    ## 2958       NA            NA                NA           8    2008-01-11
    ## 2959       NA            NA                NA           7    2008-01-11
    ## 2960       NA            NA                NA           3    2008-01-11
    ## 2961       NA            NA                NA          12    2008-01-11
    ## 2962       NA            NA                NA          12    2008-01-11
    ## 2963       NA            NA                NA          11    2008-01-11
    ## 2964        2             0                17          60    2008-01-11
    ## 2965       NA            NA                NA          16    2008-01-11
    ## 2966       NA            NA                NA          34    2008-01-11
    ## 2967       NA            NA                NA          20    2008-01-11
    ## 2968        0             0                 0          44    2008-01-11
    ## 2969       NA            NA                NA           3    2008-01-11
    ## 2970       NA            NA                NA          28    2008-01-11
    ## 2971       NA            NA                NA           9    2008-01-11
    ## 2972       NA            NA                NA           1    2008-01-11
    ## 2973       62             0                 0         122    2008-01-11
    ## 2974       NA            NA                NA          28    2008-01-11
    ## 2975       NA            NA                NA          12    2008-01-11
    ## 2976       NA            NA                NA          20    2008-01-11
    ## 2977       NA            NA                NA           9    2008-01-11
    ## 2978       NA            NA                NA           2    2008-01-11
    ## 2979      108             0                 0         166    2008-01-11
    ## 2980       NA            NA                NA          17    2008-01-11
    ## 2981       NA            NA                NA          15    2008-01-11
    ## 2982       NA            NA                NA          15    2008-01-11
    ## 2983       NA            NA                NA           9    2008-01-11
    ## 2984       NA            NA                NA          11    2008-01-11
    ## 2985       NA            NA                NA          11    2008-01-11
    ## 2986       NA            NA                NA           2    2008-01-11
    ## 2987       NA            NA                NA          15    2008-01-11
    ## 2988       NA            NA                NA          24    2008-01-11
    ## 2989        0             0                24          66    2008-01-11
    ## 2990       NA            NA                NA          12    2008-01-11
    ## 2991       NA            NA                NA          19    2008-01-11
    ## 2992       NA            NA                NA           4    2008-01-11
    ## 2993       NA            NA                NA          18    2008-01-11
    ## 2994       NA            NA                NA           1    2008-01-11
    ## 2995       NA            NA                NA           6    2008-01-11
    ## 2996       NA            NA                NA          21    2008-01-11
    ## 2997       NA            NA                NA          18    2008-01-11
    ## 2998       NA            NA                NA          16    2008-01-11
    ## 2999       NA            NA                NA           4    2008-01-11
    ## 3000        0             0                 0          67    2008-01-11
    ## 3001       NA            NA                NA          23    2008-01-11
    ## 3002       NA            NA                NA          13    2008-01-11
    ## 3003       NA            NA                NA          14    2008-01-11
    ## 3004       NA            NA                NA          11    2008-01-11
    ## 3005       NA            NA                NA          10    2008-01-11
    ## 3006       NA            NA                NA           9    2008-01-11
    ## 3007        0             0                39          84    2008-01-11
    ## 3008       NA            NA                NA          17    2008-01-11
    ## 3009       NA            NA                NA          12    2008-01-11
    ## 3010       NA            NA                NA           6    2008-01-11
    ## 3011       NA            NA                NA           5    2008-01-11
    ## 3012       NA            NA                NA          14    2008-01-11
    ## 3013       NA            NA                NA          26    2008-01-11
    ## 3014       NA            NA                NA          19    2008-01-11
    ## 3015       NA            NA                NA           8    2008-01-11
    ## 3016       NA            NA                NA          25    2008-01-11
    ## 3017       NA            NA                NA           5    2008-01-11
    ## 3018       NA            NA                NA           8    2008-01-11
    ## 3019        0             0                38          81    2008-01-11
    ## 3020       NA            NA                NA          19    2008-01-11
    ## 3021       NA            NA                NA          15    2008-01-11
    ## 3022       NA            NA                NA           4    2008-01-11
    ## 3023       NA            NA                NA           6    2008-01-11
    ## 3024       NA            NA                NA          10    2008-01-11
    ## 3025       NA            NA                NA          19    2008-01-11
    ## 3026       NA            NA                NA           3    2008-01-11
    ## 3027       NA            NA                NA           4    2008-01-11
    ## 3028       NA            NA                NA           4    2008-01-11
    ## 3029       NA            NA                NA           8    2008-01-11
    ## 3030      151             0                55         405    2008-01-11
    ## 3031       NA            NA                NA           9    2008-01-11
    ## 3032       NA            NA                NA           5    2008-01-11
    ## 3033       NA            NA                NA          22    2008-01-11
    ## 3034        2             0                31          76    2008-01-11
    ## 3035        0             0                 0          39    2008-01-11
    ## 3036       NA            NA                NA          19    2008-01-11
    ## 3037       NA            NA                NA           4    2008-01-11
    ## 3038       NA            NA                NA           7    2008-01-11
    ## 3039       NA            NA                NA          10    2008-01-11
    ## 3040        0             0                24          55    2008-01-11
    ## 3041       NA            NA                NA           5    2008-01-11
    ## 3042       NA            NA                NA          14    2008-01-11
    ## 3043       NA            NA                NA          16    2008-01-11
    ## 3044       NA            NA                NA          37    2008-01-11
    ## 3045       NA            NA                NA          18    2008-01-11
    ## 3046       NA            NA                NA           6    2008-01-11
    ## 3047       27             0               141         333    2008-01-11
    ## 3048       NA            NA                NA           8    2008-01-11
    ## 3049       NA            NA                NA          15    2008-01-11
    ## 3050       NA            NA                NA           5    2008-01-11
    ## 3051       NA            NA                NA          10    2008-01-11
    ## 3052       NA            NA                NA          29    2008-01-11
    ## 3053       NA            NA                NA          15    2008-01-11
    ## 3054       NA            NA                NA           5    2008-01-11
    ## 3055       NA            NA                NA          36    2008-01-11
    ## 3056       NA            NA                NA           7    2008-01-11
    ## 3057       NA            NA                NA          15    2008-01-11
    ## 3058       NA            NA                NA          21    2008-01-11
    ## 3059       NA            NA                NA          13    2008-01-11
    ## 3060       NA            NA                NA           6    2008-01-11
    ## 3061       NA            NA                NA           2    2008-01-11
    ## 3062       NA            NA                NA          22    2008-01-11
    ## 3063        0             0                 0          74    2008-01-11
    ## 3064       NA            NA                NA          11    2008-01-11
    ## 3065        3             0                38          89    2008-01-11
    ## 3066       NA            NA                NA           7    2008-01-11
    ## 3067       NA            NA                NA           8    2008-01-11
    ## 3068       NA            NA                NA           3    2008-01-11
    ## 3069       NA            NA                NA          19    2008-01-11
    ## 3070       NA            NA                NA          22    2008-01-11
    ## 3071       NA            NA                NA          12    2008-01-11
    ## 3072       NA            NA                NA          50    2008-01-11
    ## 3073       NA            NA                NA          13    2008-01-11
    ## 3074       NA            NA                NA          10    2008-01-11
    ## 3075       NA            NA                NA          14    2008-01-11
    ## 3076       NA            NA                NA          11    2008-01-11
    ## 3077       NA            NA                NA           6    2008-01-11
    ## 3078       NA            NA                NA           8    2008-01-11
    ## 3079       NA            NA                NA          13    2008-01-11
    ## 3080       NA            NA                NA          16    2008-01-11
    ## 3081       NA            NA                NA          14    2008-01-11
    ## 3082       NA            NA                NA           5    2008-01-11
    ## 3083       NA            NA                NA           8    2008-01-11
    ## 3084       NA            NA                NA          18    2008-01-11
    ## 3085       NA            NA                NA           9    2008-01-11
    ## 3086       NA            NA                NA           2    2008-01-11
    ## 3087       NA            NA                NA          10    2008-01-11
    ## 3088       NA            NA                NA           3    2008-01-11
    ## 3089       NA            NA                NA          19    2008-01-11
    ## 3090       NA            NA                NA          19    2008-01-11
    ## 3091       44             0                 0         115    2008-01-11
    ## 3092       NA            NA                NA           6    2008-01-11
    ## 3093       NA            NA                NA           5    2008-01-11
    ## 3094       NA            NA                NA          16    2008-01-11
    ## 3095       NA            NA                NA          19    2008-01-11
    ## 3096       NA            NA                NA          10    2008-01-11
    ## 3097       NA            NA                NA           3    2008-01-11
    ## 3098       NA            NA                NA          13    2008-01-11
    ## 3099        9             0                 0          49    2008-01-11
    ## 3100       NA            NA                NA          22    2008-01-11
    ## 3101       NA            NA                NA          23    2008-01-11
    ## 3102       NA            NA                NA           9    2008-01-11
    ## 3103       NA            NA                NA           6    2008-01-11
    ## 3104       NA            NA                NA           3    2008-01-11
    ## 3105       NA            NA                NA           3    2008-01-11
    ## 3106       NA            NA                NA          12    2008-01-11
    ## 3107       NA            NA                NA          11    2008-01-11
    ## 3108       NA            NA                NA          14    2008-01-11
    ## 3109       NA            NA                NA          11    2008-01-11
    ## 3110       NA            NA                NA          12    2008-01-11
    ## 3111       NA            NA                NA          10    2008-01-11
    ## 3112       NA            NA                NA           4    2008-01-11
    ## 3113       NA            NA                NA          16    2008-01-11
    ## 3114       NA            NA                NA           7    2008-01-11
    ## 3115       NA            NA                NA           6    2008-01-11
    ## 3116       NA            NA                NA           5    2008-01-11
    ## 3117       NA            NA                NA          14    2008-01-11
    ## 3118       NA            NA                NA          24    2008-01-11
    ## 3119        0             0                 0         114    2008-01-11
    ## 3120       NA            NA                NA           0    2008-01-11
    ## 3121        0             0                 0         253    2008-01-11
    ## 3122        0             0               134         294    2008-01-11
    ## 3123       NA            NA                NA          18    2008-01-11
    ## 3124       NA            NA                NA          26    2008-01-11
    ## 3125       NA            NA                NA          14    2008-01-11
    ## 3126       NA            NA                NA           5    2008-01-11
    ## 3127        0             0                30          67    2008-01-11
    ## 3128       NA            NA                NA          36    2008-01-11
    ## 3129       NA            NA                NA          21    2008-01-11
    ## 3130        0             0                61         133    2008-01-11
    ## 3131       NA            NA                NA           2    2008-01-11
    ## 3132       NA            NA                NA          11    2008-01-11
    ## 3133       NA            NA                NA           2    2008-01-11
    ## 3134       NA            NA                NA          16    2008-01-11
    ## 3135       NA            NA                NA           6    2008-01-11
    ## 3136       NA            NA                NA          11    2008-01-11
    ## 3137       NA            NA                NA           1    2008-01-11
    ## 3138       NA            NA                NA           7    2008-01-11
    ## 3139        0             0                84         170    2008-01-11
    ## 3140       NA            NA                NA          13    2008-01-11
    ## 3141       NA            NA                NA          23    2008-01-11
    ## 3142       15             0                 0          75    2008-01-11
    ## 3143       NA            NA                NA           8    2008-01-11
    ## 3144       NA            NA                NA           5    2008-01-11
    ## 3145       32             0               186         496    2008-01-11
    ## 3146       NA            NA                NA          21    2008-01-11
    ## 3147       NA            NA                NA          NA    2008-01-11
    ## 3148       NA            NA                NA          13    2008-01-12
    ## 3149       NA            NA                NA          31    2008-01-12
    ## 3150       NA            NA                NA          13    2008-01-12
    ## 3151       NA            NA                NA          14    2008-01-12
    ## 3152       29             0                 0          51    2008-01-12
    ## 3153       NA            NA                NA          12    2008-01-12
    ## 3154       NA            NA                NA          29    2008-01-12
    ## 3155       NA            NA                NA          22    2008-01-12
    ## 3156       NA            NA                NA           2    2008-01-12
    ## 3157       NA            NA                NA          16    2008-01-12
    ## 3158       NA            NA                NA           8    2008-01-12
    ## 3159       NA            NA                NA          11    2008-01-12
    ## 3160       NA            NA                NA          19    2008-01-12
    ## 3161       NA            NA                NA          17    2008-01-12
    ## 3162       NA            NA                NA           6    2008-01-12
    ## 3163       NA            NA                NA           5    2008-01-12
    ## 3164       NA            NA                NA          14    2008-01-12
    ## 3165       NA            NA                NA          14    2008-01-12
    ## 3166       NA            NA                NA          34    2008-01-12
    ## 3167       NA            NA                NA          23    2008-01-12
    ## 3168       NA            NA                NA          11    2008-01-12
    ## 3169       NA            NA                NA          13    2008-01-12
    ## 3170        0             0                 0          53    2008-01-12
    ## 3171       NA            NA                NA           7    2008-01-12
    ## 3172       NA            NA                NA          11    2008-01-12
    ## 3173       NA            NA                NA           5    2008-01-12
    ## 3174       NA            NA                NA          21    2008-01-12
    ## 3175       NA            NA                NA           9    2008-01-12
    ## 3176       NA            NA                NA          20    2008-01-12
    ## 3177       NA            NA                NA          15    2008-01-12
    ## 3178       NA            NA                NA           5    2008-01-12
    ## 3179       NA            NA                NA          15    2008-01-12
    ## 3180       NA            NA                NA          12    2008-01-12
    ## 3181       NA            NA                NA          13    2008-01-12
    ## 3182       NA            NA                NA          10    2008-01-12
    ## 3183       NA            NA                NA          12    2008-01-12
    ## 3184       50             0                 0          56    2008-01-12
    ## 3185       NA            NA                NA          22    2008-01-12
    ## 3186       NA            NA                NA          15    2008-01-12
    ## 3187       NA            NA                NA           8    2008-01-12
    ## 3188       18             0                 0          23    2008-01-12
    ## 3189       NA            NA                NA           6    2008-01-12
    ## 3190        0             0                 0          77    2008-01-12
    ## 3191       NA            NA                NA          14    2008-01-12
    ## 3192       NA            NA                NA           5    2008-01-12
    ## 3193       NA            NA                NA           6    2008-01-12
    ## 3194       NA            NA                NA           9    2008-01-12
    ## 3195       NA            NA                NA          11    2008-01-12
    ## 3196       NA            NA                NA          13    2008-01-12
    ## 3197       NA            NA                NA          27    2008-01-12
    ## 3198       NA            NA                NA          14    2008-01-12
    ## 3199       NA            NA                NA          17    2008-01-12
    ## 3200       NA            NA                NA           6    2008-01-12
    ## 3201       NA            NA                NA           8    2008-01-12
    ## 3202       15             0                 0          15    2008-01-12
    ## 3203       NA            NA                NA           9    2008-01-12
    ## 3204       NA            NA                NA          21    2008-01-12
    ## 3205       NA            NA                NA          16    2008-01-12
    ## 3206       NA            NA                NA          20    2008-01-12
    ## 3207       NA            NA                NA           8    2008-01-12
    ## 3208       NA            NA                NA          17    2008-01-12
    ## 3209       NA            NA                NA          20    2008-01-12
    ## 3210       NA            NA                NA          17    2008-01-12
    ## 3211       NA            NA                NA          24    2008-01-12
    ## 3212       NA            NA                NA           8    2008-01-12
    ## 3213       NA            NA                NA          14    2008-01-12
    ## 3214       NA            NA                NA          29    2008-01-12
    ## 3215       NA            NA                NA           8    2008-01-12
    ## 3216       NA            NA                NA           4    2008-01-12
    ## 3217       NA            NA                NA          20    2008-01-12
    ## 3218       NA            NA                NA           3    2008-01-12
    ## 3219       NA            NA                NA           6    2008-01-12
    ## 3220       NA            NA                NA           5    2008-01-12
    ## 3221       NA            NA                NA          12    2008-01-12
    ## 3222       NA            NA                NA          17    2008-01-12
    ## 3223        0             0                 0          72    2008-01-12
    ## 3224       NA            NA                NA           6    2008-01-12
    ## 3225       NA            NA                NA          14    2008-01-12
    ##  [ reached 'max' / getOption("max.print") -- omitted 96035 rows ]

    plot(fly_data2$Combined_date, fly_data2$Total_delay,main="Delay Over Year",
      xlab="Date", ylab="Delay(min)")

![](Answer_files/figure-markdown_strict/unnamed-chunk-12-1.png)

    # The plot cannot provide anything useful, there, I decide to count delay times



    # Aggregate the number of delay times based on Date.
    delay_df = aggregate(fly_data2$Year ~ fly_data2$Combined_date, data = fly_data2, count)
    delay_df2 = aggregate(fly_data2$Total_delay ~ fly_data2$Combined_date, data = fly_data2, sum)

    # Merge based on Date
    combined_df = merge(delay_df, delay_df2, by = "fly_data2$Combined_date", sort = TRUE)
    combined_df

    ##     fly_data2$Combined_date fly_data2$Year fly_data2$Total_delay
    ## 1                2008-01-01            255                  9010
    ## 2                2008-01-02            300                 11956
    ## 3                2008-01-03            299                  7595
    ## 4                2008-01-04            300                  9740
    ## 5                2008-01-05            237                  6452
    ## 6                2008-01-06            285                  7889
    ## 7                2008-01-07            297                 11627
    ## 8                2008-01-08            286                  6021
    ## 9                2008-01-09            292                  5831
    ## 10               2008-01-10            298                  6245
    ## 11               2008-01-11            298                  7488
    ## 12               2008-01-12            223                  4249
    ## 13               2008-01-13            273                  5144
    ## 14               2008-01-14            296                  6127
    ## 15               2008-01-15            286                  7534
    ## 16               2008-01-16            292                  6538
    ## 17               2008-01-17            298                  9823
    ## 18               2008-01-18            299                 10567
    ## 19               2008-01-19            212                  4278
    ## 20               2008-01-20            270                  6771
    ## 21               2008-01-21            298                 11293
    ## 22               2008-01-22            286                 10191
    ## 23               2008-01-23            292                  7728
    ## 24               2008-01-24            300                  7453
    ## 25               2008-01-25            298                  8772
    ## 26               2008-01-26            212                  4843
    ## 27               2008-01-27            271                 14814
    ## 28               2008-01-28            296                  7249
    ## 29               2008-01-29            286                 10012
    ## 30               2008-01-30            292                  6578
    ## 31               2008-01-31            299                 14274
    ## 32               2008-02-01            298                 12006
    ## 33               2008-02-02            209                  2952
    ## 34               2008-02-03            270                  8420
    ## 35               2008-02-04            296                 11008
    ## 36               2008-02-05            286                 13715
    ## 37               2008-02-06            292                  8924
    ## 38               2008-02-07            298                  6889
    ## 39               2008-02-08            298                  8852
    ## 40               2008-02-09            210                  3872
    ## 41               2008-02-10            272                  6184
    ## 42               2008-02-11            296                 10464
    ## 43               2008-02-12            287                 13243
    ## 44               2008-02-13            298                  9787
    ## 45               2008-02-14            303                  7206
    ## 46               2008-02-15            304                  9759
    ## 47               2008-02-16            218                 11528
    ## 48               2008-02-17            269                  8299
    ## 49               2008-02-18            296                 12570
    ## 50               2008-02-19            299                  5589
    ## 51               2008-02-20            301                  7657
    ## 52               2008-02-21            304                 12175
    ## 53               2008-02-22            304                 16082
    ## 54               2008-02-23            222                  4295
    ## 55               2008-02-24            280                  8852
    ## 56               2008-02-25            302                  9872
    ## 57               2008-02-26            299                 10166
    ## 58               2008-02-27            281                  5766
    ## 59               2008-02-28            282                  6168
    ## 60               2008-02-29            282                  7019
    ## 61               2008-03-01            223                  4594
    ## 62               2008-03-02            280                  8698
    ## 63               2008-03-03            306                 15432
    ## 64               2008-03-04            297                  7854
    ## 65               2008-03-05            301                  7197
    ## 66               2008-03-06            304                  9393
    ## 67               2008-03-07            304                 13095
    ## 68               2008-03-08            226                 11841
    ## 69               2008-03-09            286                 11459
    ## 70               2008-03-10            304                 15981
    ## 71               2008-03-11            297                  6174
    ## 72               2008-03-12            301                  7882
    ## 73               2008-03-13            304                  9248
    ## 74               2008-03-14            304                  6263
    ## 75               2008-03-15            228                 11780
    ## 76               2008-03-16            287                  9635
    ## 77               2008-03-17            306                 10842
    ## 78               2008-03-18            303                 27120
    ## 79               2008-03-19            303                 15310
    ## 80               2008-03-20            306                 11983
    ## 81               2008-03-21            307                  9224
    ## 82               2008-03-22            227                  7710
    ## 83               2008-03-23            287                  8746
    ## 84               2008-03-24            306                  7267
    ## 85               2008-03-25            299                  8929
    ## 86               2008-03-26            303                  6758
    ## 87               2008-03-27            306                  8493
    ## 88               2008-03-28            306                  7397
    ## 89               2008-03-29            226                  7537
    ## 90               2008-03-30            284                 10939
    ## 91               2008-03-31            300                 15929
    ## 92               2008-04-01            285                  8337
    ## 93               2008-04-02            288                  5244
    ## 94               2008-04-03            292                 11802
    ## 95               2008-04-04            292                 19225
    ## 96               2008-04-05            213                  5567
    ## 97               2008-04-06            275                  7504
    ## 98               2008-04-07            290                  6554
    ## 99               2008-04-08            289                  6112
    ## 100              2008-04-09            294                  8252
    ## 101              2008-04-10            296                 18058
    ## 102              2008-04-11            297                 10523
    ## 103              2008-04-12            225                  5077
    ## 104              2008-04-13            282                  6143
    ## 105              2008-04-14            294                  6467
    ## 106              2008-04-15            288                  5374
    ## 107              2008-04-16            294                  4826
    ## 108              2008-04-17            296                  7900
    ## 109              2008-04-18            297                  6698
    ## 110              2008-04-19            224                  4546
    ## 111              2008-04-20            281                  6585
    ## 112              2008-04-21            294                  5661
    ## 113              2008-04-22            288                  4056
    ## 114              2008-04-23            296                  8136
    ## 115              2008-04-24            298                  6485
    ## 116              2008-04-25            299                 18079
    ## 117              2008-04-26            226                  4809
    ## 118              2008-04-27            283                 10854
    ## 119              2008-04-28            296                  9572
    ## 120              2008-04-29            290                  5437
    ## 121              2008-04-30            296                  5626
    ## 122              2008-05-01            303                  7636
    ## 123              2008-05-02            304                 14934
    ## 124              2008-05-03            229                  7729
    ## 125              2008-05-04            290                  7355
    ## 126              2008-05-05            304                  8040
    ## 127              2008-05-06            297                  8361
    ## 128              2008-05-07            304                  9569
    ## 129              2008-05-08            306                  5852
    ## 130              2008-05-09            307                 11275
    ## 131              2008-05-10            244                  6964
    ## 132              2008-05-11            291                  7897
    ## 133              2008-05-12            306                 10278
    ## 134              2008-05-13            290                  7038
    ## 135              2008-05-14            306                 11785
    ## 136              2008-05-15            308                  7777
    ## 137              2008-05-16            309                 11064
    ## 138              2008-05-17            245                  5553
    ## 139              2008-05-18            292                  7405
    ## 140              2008-05-19            306                  8809
    ## 141              2008-05-20            300                  9011
    ## 142              2008-05-21            306                  6951
    ## 143              2008-05-22            308                 12145
    ## 144              2008-05-23            309                  8360
    ## 145              2008-05-24            247                  6024
    ## 146              2008-05-25            257                  5731
    ## 147              2008-05-26            279                  6814
    ## 148              2008-05-27            306                 15358
    ## 149              2008-05-28            306                  8761
    ## 150              2008-05-29            308                  6205
    ## 151              2008-05-30            309                  9473
    ## 152              2008-05-31            245                  7865
    ## 153              2008-06-01            292                  6423
    ## 154              2008-06-02            306                  6050
    ## 155              2008-06-03            300                  8661
    ## 156              2008-06-04            305                 10866
    ## 157              2008-06-05            313                 10064
    ## 158              2008-06-06            316                 12939
    ## 159              2008-06-07            252                  6533
    ## 160              2008-06-08            299                 12750
    ## 161              2008-06-09            314                 12582
    ## 162              2008-06-10            314                 11776
    ## 163              2008-06-11            314                  7643
    ## 164              2008-06-12            316                  8024
    ## 165              2008-06-13            317                 11617
    ## 166              2008-06-14            258                  8710
    ## 167              2008-06-15            299                 13840
    ## 168              2008-06-16            314                 12870
    ## 169              2008-06-17            314                 10984
    ## 170              2008-06-18            314                 11530
    ## 171              2008-06-19            315                 16709
    ## 172              2008-06-20            317                  9842
    ## 173              2008-06-21            259                 11581
    ## 174              2008-06-22            299                 12444
    ## 175              2008-06-23            314                  9800
    ## 176              2008-06-24            314                  9796
    ## 177              2008-06-25            312                  7533
    ## 178              2008-06-26            316                 14373
    ## 179              2008-06-27            317                 11636
    ## 180              2008-06-28            259                  7906
    ## 181              2008-06-29            297                 13803
    ## 182              2008-06-30            314                  9004
    ## 183              2008-07-01            312                  5812
    ## 184              2008-07-02            297                  9722
    ## 185              2008-07-03            300                  6552
    ## 186              2008-07-04            213                  4897
    ## 187              2008-07-05            244                  5783
    ## 188              2008-07-06            287                 11220
    ## 189              2008-07-07            299                 12248
    ## 190              2008-07-08            300                 15842
    ## 191              2008-07-09            284                  9066
    ## 192              2008-07-10            302                  8939
    ## 193              2008-07-11            303                  8559
    ## 194              2008-07-12            256                  8814
    ## 195              2008-07-13            285                 14044
    ## 196              2008-07-14            300                 10537
    ## 197              2008-07-15            301                  8273
    ## 198              2008-07-16            300                  5342
    ## 199              2008-07-17            302                  7119
    ## 200              2008-07-18            303                  7552
    ## 201              2008-07-19            255                  7558
    ## 202              2008-07-20            282                 10549
    ## 203              2008-07-21            296                  7204
    ## 204              2008-07-22            296                  8550
    ## 205              2008-07-23            296                 10191
    ## 206              2008-07-24            298                 12820
    ## 207              2008-07-25            299                 10311
    ## 208              2008-07-26            253                  6562
    ## 209              2008-07-27            282                 12323
    ## 210              2008-07-28            296                  7544
    ## 211              2008-07-29            296                  8510
    ## 212              2008-07-30            296                  9197
    ## 213              2008-07-31            298                 11186
    ## 214              2008-08-01            296                  8509
    ## 215              2008-08-02            249                  9546
    ## 216              2008-08-03            278                 11896
    ## 217              2008-08-04            292                 11741
    ## 218              2008-08-05            292                 10972
    ## 219              2008-08-06            292                  8410
    ## 220              2008-08-07            294                 10903
    ## 221              2008-08-08            294                 11292
    ## 222              2008-08-09            249                  8266
    ## 223              2008-08-10            278                 12222
    ## 224              2008-08-11            292                 12782
    ## 225              2008-08-12            292                 10002
    ## 226              2008-08-13            290                  6540
    ## 227              2008-08-14            294                  8418
    ## 228              2008-08-15            297                 14868
    ## 229              2008-08-16            239                 10099
    ## 230              2008-08-17            264                  8155
    ## 231              2008-08-18            293                  8202
    ## 232              2008-08-19            287                  5282
    ## 233              2008-08-20            288                  8163
    ## 234              2008-08-21            294                  9508
    ## 235              2008-08-22            295                  8404
    ## 236              2008-08-23            226                  4783
    ## 237              2008-08-24            266                  7753
    ## 238              2008-08-25            283                  7941
    ## 239              2008-08-26            278                  8914
    ## 240              2008-08-27            280                  5939
    ## 241              2008-08-28            286                  4699
    ## 242              2008-08-29            287                 10559
    ## 243              2008-08-30            215                  3761
    ## 244              2008-08-31            193                  3378
    ## 245              2008-09-01            267                  4528
    ## 246              2008-09-02            266                  5735
    ## 247              2008-09-03            258                  4356
    ## 248              2008-09-04            262                  6420
    ## 249              2008-09-05            262                  5654
    ## 250              2008-09-06            191                  3617
    ## 251              2008-09-07            245                  5448
    ## 252              2008-09-08            262                  4759
    ## 253              2008-09-09            254                  6480
    ## 254              2008-09-10            256                  5077
    ## 255              2008-09-11            262                  6802
    ## 256              2008-09-12            260                  5940
    ## 257              2008-09-13            191                  3556
    ## 258              2008-09-14            245                  6588
    ## 259              2008-09-15            262                  8431
    ## 260              2008-09-16            254                  4367
    ## 261              2008-09-17            257                  4974
    ## 262              2008-09-18            262                  5107
    ## 263              2008-09-19            263                  5888
    ## 264              2008-09-20            190                  3499
    ## 265              2008-09-21            245                  5185
    ## 266              2008-09-22            262                  5815
    ## 267              2008-09-23            254                  3904
    ## 268              2008-09-24            256                  5022
    ## 269              2008-09-25            262                  6183
    ## 270              2008-09-26            262                  7374
    ## 271              2008-09-27            192                  3229
    ## 272              2008-09-28            246                  5047
    ## 273              2008-09-29            262                  4583
    ## 274              2008-09-30            254                  4249
    ## 275              2008-10-01            254                  5195
    ## 276              2008-10-02            262                  4128
    ## 277              2008-10-03            261                  4705
    ## 278              2008-10-04            190                  3129
    ## 279              2008-10-05            246                  5623
    ## 280              2008-10-06            262                  3687
    ## 281              2008-10-07            252                  5536
    ## 282              2008-10-08            254                  6148
    ## 283              2008-10-09            262                  4351
    ## 284              2008-10-10            260                  4134
    ## 285              2008-10-11            190                  3252
    ## 286              2008-10-12            246                  5221
    ## 287              2008-10-13            262                  4665
    ## 288              2008-10-14            252                  5027
    ## 289              2008-10-15            254                  8215
    ## 290              2008-10-16            262                  6220
    ## 291              2008-10-17            261                  6277
    ## 292              2008-10-18            189                  4204
    ## 293              2008-10-19            244                  4462
    ## 294              2008-10-20            262                  4720
    ## 295              2008-10-21            251                  4944
    ## 296              2008-10-22            253                 11166
    ## 297              2008-10-23            262                  5225
    ## 298              2008-10-24            262                  8051
    ## 299              2008-10-25            190                  4658
    ## 300              2008-10-26            244                  6158
    ## 301              2008-10-27            262                  7852
    ## 302              2008-10-28            252                  5657
    ## 303              2008-10-29            254                  4367
    ## 304              2008-10-30            262                  5117
    ## 305              2008-10-31            255                  4638
    ## 306              2008-11-01            187                  3199
    ## 307              2008-11-02            236                  5825
    ## 308              2008-11-03            252                  4488
    ## 309              2008-11-04            246                  4313
    ## 310              2008-11-05            246                  3965
    ## 311              2008-11-06            252                  5879
    ## 312              2008-11-07            252                  6417
    ## 313              2008-11-08            190                  2972
    ## 314              2008-11-09            232                  5690
    ## 315              2008-11-10            252                  5069
    ## 316              2008-11-11            246                  8244
    ## 317              2008-11-12            246                  5026
    ## 318              2008-11-13            252                  6674
    ## 319              2008-11-14            251                  8181
    ## 320              2008-11-15            188                  3983
    ## 321              2008-11-16            232                  5465
    ## 322              2008-11-17            252                  4664
    ## 323              2008-11-18            246                  4248
    ## 324              2008-11-19            246                  4919
    ## 325              2008-11-20            252                  5438
    ## 326              2008-11-21            252                  5750
    ## 327              2008-11-22            192                  5400
    ## 328              2008-11-23            234                  3853
    ## 329              2008-11-24            248                  4339
    ## 330              2008-11-25            252                  4238
    ## 331              2008-11-26            256                  4924
    ## 332              2008-11-27            165                  4754
    ## 333              2008-11-28            193                  3464
    ## 334              2008-11-29            223                  6579
    ## 335              2008-11-30            249                 16496
    ## 336              2008-12-01            254                 16811
    ## 337              2008-12-02            245                  6263
    ## 338              2008-12-03            244                  4906
    ## 339              2008-12-04            248                  5813
    ## 340              2008-12-05            248                  4614
    ## 341              2008-12-06            184                  4181
    ## 342              2008-12-07            228                  4331
    ## 343              2008-12-08            248                  4530
    ## 344              2008-12-09            244                  7014
    ## 345              2008-12-10            242                  8110
    ## 346              2008-12-11            248                 10055
    ## 347              2008-12-12            249                  5954
    ## 348              2008-12-13            186                  3773
    ## 349              2008-12-14            230                  6216
    ## 350              2008-12-15            250                 10226
    ## 351              2008-12-16            246                 12359
    ## 352              2008-12-17            246                 11579
    ## 353              2008-12-18            252                 18307
    ## 354              2008-12-19            252                 18495
    ## 355              2008-12-20            192                 10672
    ## 356              2008-12-21            230                 14256
    ## 357              2008-12-22            250                 12547
    ## 358              2008-12-23            248                 15112
    ## 359              2008-12-24            203                 10506
    ## 360              2008-12-25            203                  4825
    ## 361              2008-12-26            246                 11866
    ## 362              2008-12-27            204                 19053
    ## 363              2008-12-28            224                 10067
    ## 364              2008-12-29            248                  6139
    ## 365              2008-12-30            246                  6014
    ## 366              2008-12-31            210                  5645

    # Rename for sort
    names(combined_df)[1] <- "Date"
    names(combined_df)[2] <- "Delay_Times"
    names(combined_df)[3] <- "Delay_Length"
    combined_df <-combined_df[order(combined_df$Delay_Times),]

    # Reset index and sort based on Date
    rownames(combined_df) <- NULL
    combined_df = combined_df[order(combined_df$Delay_Length),]
    combined_df

    ##           Date Delay_Times Delay_Length
    ## 22  2008-02-02         209         2952
    ## 11  2008-11-08         190         2972
    ## 8   2008-10-04         190         3129
    ## 4   2008-11-01         187         3199
    ## 14  2008-09-27         192         3229
    ## 9   2008-10-11         190         3252
    ## 17  2008-08-31         193         3378
    ## 18  2008-11-28         193         3464
    ## 7   2008-09-20         190         3499
    ## 13  2008-09-13         191         3556
    ## 12  2008-09-06         191         3617
    ## 150 2008-10-06         262         3687
    ## 29  2008-08-30         215         3761
    ## 3   2008-12-13         186         3773
    ## 50  2008-11-23         234         3853
    ## 23  2008-02-09         210         3872
    ## 115 2008-09-23         254         3904
    ## 71  2008-11-05         246         3965
    ## 5   2008-11-15         188         3983
    ## 207 2008-04-22         288         4056
    ## 149 2008-10-02         262         4128
    ## 136 2008-10-10         260         4134
    ## 2   2008-12-06         184         4181
    ## 6   2008-10-18         189         4204
    ## 108 2008-11-25         252         4238
    ## 74  2008-11-18         246         4248
    ## 32  2008-01-12         223         4249
    ## 116 2008-09-30         254         4249
    ## 25  2008-01-19         212         4278
    ## 31  2008-02-23         222         4295
    ## 70  2008-11-04         246         4313
    ## 44  2008-12-07         228         4331
    ## 81  2008-11-24         248         4339
    ## 151 2008-10-09         262         4351
    ## 132 2008-09-03         258         4356
    ## 114 2008-09-16         254         4367
    ## 120 2008-10-29         254         4367
    ## 57  2008-10-19         244         4462
    ## 100 2008-11-03         252         4488
    ## 163 2008-09-01         267         4528
    ## 84  2008-12-08         248         4530
    ## 35  2008-04-19         224         4546
    ## 148 2008-09-29         262         4583
    ## 33  2008-03-01         223         4594
    ## 83  2008-12-05         248         4614
    ## 124 2008-10-31         255         4638
    ## 10  2008-10-25         190         4658
    ## 105 2008-11-17         252         4664
    ## 152 2008-10-13         262         4665
    ## 198 2008-08-28         286         4699
    ## 137 2008-10-03         261         4705
    ## 154 2008-10-20         262         4720
    ## 1   2008-11-27         165         4754
    ## 141 2008-09-08         262         4759
    ## 41  2008-08-23         226         4783
    ## 40  2008-04-26         226         4809
    ## 20  2008-12-25         203         4825
    ## 233 2008-04-16         294         4826
    ## 26  2008-01-26         212         4843
    ## 28  2008-07-04         213         4897
    ## 59  2008-12-03         244         4906
    ## 75  2008-11-19         246         4919
    ## 128 2008-11-26         256         4924
    ## 94  2008-10-21         251         4944
    ## 130 2008-09-17         257         4974
    ## 127 2008-09-24         256         5022
    ## 73  2008-11-12         246         5026
    ## 98  2008-10-14         252         5027
    ## 67  2008-09-28         246         5047
    ## 103 2008-11-10         252         5069
    ## 37  2008-04-12         225         5077
    ## 126 2008-09-10         256         5077
    ## 144 2008-09-18         262         5107
    ## 158 2008-10-30         262         5117
    ## 169 2008-01-13         273         5144
    ## 65  2008-09-21         245         5185
    ## 117 2008-10-01         254         5195
    ## 69  2008-10-12         246         5221
    ## 155 2008-10-23         262         5225
    ## 205 2008-04-02         288         5244
    ## 203 2008-08-19         287         5282
    ## 299 2008-07-16         300         5342
    ## 206 2008-04-15         288         5374
    ## 15  2008-11-22         192         5400
    ## 211 2008-04-29         290         5437
    ## 106 2008-11-20         252         5438
    ## 63  2008-09-07         245         5448
    ## 49  2008-11-16         232         5465
    ## 97  2008-10-07         252         5536
    ## 61  2008-05-17         245         5553
    ## 27  2008-04-05         213         5567
    ## 281 2008-02-19         299         5589
    ## 68  2008-10-05         246         5623
    ## 249 2008-04-30         296         5626
    ## 24  2008-12-31         210         5645
    ## 140 2008-09-05         262         5654
    ## 99  2008-10-28         252         5657
    ## 234 2008-04-21         294         5661
    ## 48  2008-11-09         232         5690
    ## 129 2008-05-25         257         5731
    ## 162 2008-09-02         266         5735
    ## 107 2008-11-21         252         5750
    ## 178 2008-02-27         281         5766
    ## 56  2008-07-05         244         5783
    ## 349 2008-07-01         312         5812
    ## 82  2008-12-04         248         5813
    ## 145 2008-09-22         262         5815
    ## 51  2008-11-02         236         5825
    ## 216 2008-01-09         292         5831
    ## 332 2008-05-08         306         5852
    ## 101 2008-11-06         252         5879
    ## 159 2008-09-19         263         5888
    ## 177 2008-08-27         280         5939
    ## 135 2008-09-12         260         5940
    ## 91  2008-12-12         249         5954
    ## 79  2008-12-30         246         6014
    ## 192 2008-01-08         286         6021
    ## 80  2008-05-24         247         6024
    ## 339 2008-06-02         306         6050
    ## 209 2008-04-08         289         6112
    ## 240 2008-01-14         296         6127
    ## 87  2008-12-29         248         6139
    ## 182 2008-04-13         282         6143
    ## 118 2008-10-08         254         6148
    ## 58  2008-10-26         244         6158
    ## 180 2008-02-28         282         6168
    ## 259 2008-03-11         297         6174
    ## 146 2008-09-25         262         6183
    ## 168 2008-02-10         272         6184
    ## 344 2008-05-29         308         6205
    ## 46  2008-12-14         230         6216
    ## 153 2008-10-16         262         6220
    ## 266 2008-01-10         298         6245
    ## 66  2008-12-02         245         6263
    ## 321 2008-03-14         304         6263
    ## 138 2008-10-17         261         6277
    ## 102 2008-11-07         252         6417
    ## 139 2008-09-04         262         6420
    ## 224 2008-06-01         292         6423
    ## 52  2008-01-05         237         6452
    ## 232 2008-04-14         294         6467
    ## 113 2008-09-09         254         6480
    ## 275 2008-04-24         298         6485
    ## 96  2008-06-07         252         6533
    ## 217 2008-01-16         292         6538
    ## 214 2008-08-13         290         6540
    ## 296 2008-07-03         300         6552
    ## 210 2008-04-07         290         6554
    ## 111 2008-07-26         253         6562
    ## 219 2008-01-30         292         6578
    ## 34  2008-11-29         223         6579
    ## 179 2008-04-20         281         6585
    ## 64  2008-09-14         245         6588
    ## 104 2008-11-13         252         6674
    ## 261 2008-04-18         297         6698
    ## 310 2008-03-26         303         6758
    ## 165 2008-01-20         270         6771
    ## 142 2008-09-11         262         6802
    ## 174 2008-05-26         279         6814
    ## 272 2008-02-07         298         6889
    ## 336 2008-05-21         306         6951
    ## 55  2008-05-10         244         6964
    ## 60  2008-12-09         244         7014
    ## 181 2008-02-29         282         7019
    ## 213 2008-05-13         290         7038
    ## 306 2008-07-17         302         7119
    ## 301 2008-03-05         301         7197
    ## 250 2008-07-21         296         7204
    ## 307 2008-02-14         303         7206
    ## 241 2008-01-28         296         7249
    ## 329 2008-03-24         306         7267
    ## 212 2008-05-04         290         7355
    ## 147 2008-09-26         262         7374
    ## 331 2008-03-28         306         7397
    ## 223 2008-05-18         292         7405
    ## 292 2008-01-24         300         7453
    ## 267 2008-01-11         298         7488
    ## 170 2008-04-06         275         7504
    ## 348 2008-06-25         312         7533
    ## 193 2008-01-15         286         7534
    ## 39  2008-03-29         226         7537
    ## 253 2008-07-28         296         7544
    ## 313 2008-07-18         303         7552
    ## 123 2008-07-19         255         7558
    ## 278 2008-01-03         299         7595
    ## 311 2008-05-01         303         7636
    ## 353 2008-06-11         314         7643
    ## 300 2008-02-20         301         7657
    ## 42  2008-03-22         227         7710
    ## 218 2008-01-23         292         7728
    ## 45  2008-05-03         229         7729
    ## 161 2008-08-24         266         7753
    ## 342 2008-05-15         308         7777
    ## 157 2008-10-27         262         7852
    ## 258 2008-03-04         297         7854
    ## 62  2008-05-31         245         7865
    ## 302 2008-03-12         301         7882
    ## 189 2008-01-06         285         7889
    ## 215 2008-05-11         291         7897
    ## 246 2008-04-17         296         7900
    ## 134 2008-06-28         259         7906
    ## 186 2008-08-25         283         7941
    ## 362 2008-06-12         316         8024
    ## 323 2008-05-05         304         8040
    ## 156 2008-10-24         262         8051
    ## 54  2008-12-10         242         8110
    ## 247 2008-04-23         296         8136
    ## 160 2008-08-17         264         8155
    ## 208 2008-08-20         288         8163
    ## 95  2008-11-14         251         8181
    ## 230 2008-08-18         293         8202
    ## 119 2008-10-15         254         8215
    ## 72  2008-11-11         246         8244
    ## 231 2008-04-09         294         8252
    ## 89  2008-08-09         249         8266
    ## 303 2008-07-15         301         8273
    ## 164 2008-02-17         269         8299
    ## 190 2008-04-01         285         8337
    ## 346 2008-05-23         309         8360
    ## 262 2008-05-06         297         8361
    ## 239 2008-08-22         295         8404
    ## 227 2008-08-06         292         8410
    ## 237 2008-08-14         294         8418
    ## 166 2008-02-03         270         8420
    ## 143 2008-09-15         262         8431
    ## 330 2008-03-27         306         8493
    ## 256 2008-08-01         296         8509
    ## 254 2008-07-29         296         8510
    ## 251 2008-07-22         296         8550
    ## 312 2008-07-11         303         8559
    ## 295 2008-06-03         300         8661
    ## 176 2008-03-02         280         8698
    ## 131 2008-06-14         258         8710
    ## 201 2008-03-23         287         8746
    ## 338 2008-05-28         306         8761
    ## 270 2008-01-25         298         8772
    ## 335 2008-05-19         306         8809
    ## 125 2008-07-12         256         8814
    ## 175 2008-02-24         280         8852
    ## 273 2008-02-08         298         8852
    ## 173 2008-08-26         278         8914
    ## 220 2008-02-06         292         8924
    ## 283 2008-03-25         299         8929
    ## 305 2008-07-10         302         8939
    ## 359 2008-06-30         314         9004
    ## 122 2008-01-01         255         9010
    ## 294 2008-05-20         300         9011
    ## 188 2008-07-09         284         9066
    ## 255 2008-07-30         296         9197
    ## 340 2008-03-21         307         9224
    ## 320 2008-03-13         304         9248
    ## 317 2008-03-06         304         9393
    ## 347 2008-05-30         309         9473
    ## 238 2008-08-21         294         9508
    ## 88  2008-08-02         249         9546
    ## 324 2008-05-07         304         9569
    ## 248 2008-04-28         296         9572
    ## 200 2008-03-16         287         9635
    ## 264 2008-07-02         297         9722
    ## 291 2008-01-04         300         9740
    ## 314 2008-02-15         304         9759
    ## 274 2008-02-13         298         9787
    ## 358 2008-06-24         314         9796
    ## 357 2008-06-23         314         9800
    ## 268 2008-01-17         298         9823
    ## 365 2008-06-20         317         9842
    ## 304 2008-02-25         302         9872
    ## 229 2008-08-12         292        10002
    ## 195 2008-01-29         286        10012
    ## 85  2008-12-11         248        10055
    ## 350 2008-06-05         313        10064
    ## 36  2008-12-28         224        10067
    ## 53  2008-08-16         239        10099
    ## 282 2008-02-26         299        10166
    ## 194 2008-01-22         286        10191
    ## 252 2008-07-23         296        10191
    ## 92  2008-12-15         250        10226
    ## 333 2008-05-12         306        10278
    ## 289 2008-07-25         299        10311
    ## 243 2008-02-11         296        10464
    ## 19  2008-12-24         203        10506
    ## 260 2008-04-11         297        10523
    ## 298 2008-07-14         300        10537
    ## 183 2008-07-20         282        10549
    ## 204 2008-08-29         287        10559
    ## 279 2008-01-18         299        10567
    ## 16  2008-12-20         192        10672
    ## 327 2008-03-17         306        10842
    ## 185 2008-04-27         283        10854
    ## 325 2008-06-04         305        10866
    ## 235 2008-08-07         294        10903
    ## 187 2008-03-30         284        10939
    ## 226 2008-08-05         292        10972
    ## 355 2008-06-17         314        10984
    ## 242 2008-02-04         296        11008
    ## 345 2008-05-16         309        11064
    ## 112 2008-10-22         253        11166
    ## 277 2008-07-31         298        11186
    ## 202 2008-07-06         287        11220
    ## 341 2008-05-09         307        11275
    ## 236 2008-08-08         294        11292
    ## 269 2008-01-21         298        11293
    ## 197 2008-03-09         286        11459
    ## 30  2008-02-16         218        11528
    ## 356 2008-06-18         314        11530
    ## 77  2008-12-17         246        11579
    ## 133 2008-06-21         259        11581
    ## 364 2008-06-13         317        11617
    ## 257 2008-01-07         297        11627
    ## 366 2008-06-27         317        11636
    ## 225 2008-08-04         292        11741
    ## 352 2008-06-10         314        11776
    ## 43  2008-03-15         228        11780
    ## 334 2008-05-14         306        11785
    ## 221 2008-04-03         292        11802
    ## 38  2008-03-08         226        11841
    ## 78  2008-12-26         246        11866
    ## 171 2008-08-03         278        11896
    ## 290 2008-01-02         300        11956
    ## 328 2008-03-20         306        11983
    ## 271 2008-02-01         298        12006
    ## 343 2008-05-22         308        12145
    ## 315 2008-02-21         304        12175
    ## 172 2008-08-10         278        12222
    ## 288 2008-07-07         299        12248
    ## 184 2008-07-27         282        12323
    ## 76  2008-12-16         246        12359
    ## 287 2008-06-22         299        12444
    ## 93  2008-12-22         250        12547
    ## 244 2008-02-18         296        12570
    ## 351 2008-06-09         314        12582
    ## 285 2008-06-08         299        12750
    ## 228 2008-08-11         292        12782
    ## 276 2008-07-24         298        12820
    ## 354 2008-06-16         314        12870
    ## 361 2008-06-06         316        12939
    ## 318 2008-03-07         304        13095
    ## 199 2008-02-12         287        13243
    ## 196 2008-02-05         286        13715
    ## 263 2008-06-29         297        13803
    ## 286 2008-06-15         299        13840
    ## 191 2008-07-13         285        14044
    ## 47  2008-12-21         230        14256
    ## 280 2008-01-31         299        14274
    ## 363 2008-06-26         316        14373
    ## 167 2008-01-27         271        14814
    ## 265 2008-08-15         297        14868
    ## 322 2008-05-02         304        14934
    ## 86  2008-12-23         248        15112
    ## 309 2008-03-19         303        15310
    ## 337 2008-05-27         306        15358
    ## 326 2008-03-03         306        15432
    ## 297 2008-07-08         300        15842
    ## 293 2008-03-31         300        15929
    ## 319 2008-03-10         304        15981
    ## 316 2008-02-22         304        16082
    ## 90  2008-11-30         249        16496
    ## 360 2008-06-19         315        16709
    ## 121 2008-12-01         254        16811
    ## 245 2008-04-10         296        18058
    ## 284 2008-04-25         299        18079
    ## 109 2008-12-18         252        18307
    ## 110 2008-12-19         252        18495
    ## 21  2008-12-27         204        19053
    ## 222 2008-04-04         292        19225
    ## 308 2008-03-18         303        27120

    ggplot(combined_df, aes(Date, Delay_Length)) +
      geom_point(aes(color = Delay_Times)) +
      geom_smooth(se = FALSE) +
      labs(title = "Delay Time Over an Entire Year")

    ## `geom_smooth()` using method = 'loess' and formula 'y ~ x'

![](Answer_files/figure-markdown_strict/unnamed-chunk-12-2.png)
Description: By observing the “Delay Time Over an Entire Year” plot,the
X-axis represents the specific Date over a year. Because we have sorted
the Date and there are too many points, gg plot automatically put the
general Month instead of specific date for X-axis. The Y-axis represents
the total delay length for a flight over entire year. Additional feature
is that we colored the points by the number of delayed times over entire
year. It gets darker if it has less number of delays.

Analysis: We may conclude that the best time of an entire year to fly
possibly over the time range of \[Sept, Dec\] mainly for two reasons. 1.
Less data points are spreaded there. 2. These data points have shorter
Delay\_Length than other data points.

We can provide more specific date, but that probably won’t be super
helpful since most of people usually would have a rough time range to
fly rather than a specific date to fly. If that person has a specific
date to fly, then he should use the conclusion from our first question.

(c)WHAT ARE the bad UniqueCarrier to fly?

UniqueCarrier unique carrier code FlightNum flight number

    plot(fly_data$UniqueCarrier,fly_data$Total_delay,main="Delay Over UniqueCarrier",
      xlab="UniqueCarrier", ylab="Delay(min)")

![](Answer_files/figure-markdown_strict/unnamed-chunk-13-1.png)

    # Aggregate the number of delay times based on Date.
    UniqueCarrier_df = aggregate(fly_data$Year ~ fly_data$UniqueCarrier, fly_data, count)
    UniqueCarrier_df2 = aggregate(fly_data$Total_delay ~ fly_data$UniqueCarrier, fly_data, sum)


    # Merge based on UniqueCarrier
    combined_df = merge(UniqueCarrier_df, UniqueCarrier_df2, by = "fly_data$UniqueCarrier", sort = TRUE)
    combined_df

    ##    fly_data$UniqueCarrier fly_data$Year fly_data$Total_delay
    ## 1                      9E          2549                70503
    ## 2                      AA         19995               614893
    ## 3                      B6          4798               208651
    ## 4                      CO          9230               292579
    ## 5                      DL          2134                75610
    ## 6                      EV           825                33704
    ## 7                      F9          2132                50160
    ## 8                      MQ          2663                74210
    ## 9                      NW           121                 4119
    ## 10                     OH          2986               113406
    ## 11                     OO          4015               128865
    ## 12                     UA          1866                64681
    ## 13                     US          1458                30893
    ## 14                     WN         34876               907241
    ## 15                     XE          4618               135106
    ## 16                     YV          4994               189294

    # Rename for sort
    names(combined_df)[1] <- "UniqueCarrier"
    names(combined_df)[2] <- "Delay_Times"
    names(combined_df)[3] <- "Delay_Length"

    combined_df <-combined_df[order(combined_df$Delay_Times),]

    combined_df

    ##    UniqueCarrier Delay_Times Delay_Length
    ## 9             NW         121         4119
    ## 6             EV         825        33704
    ## 13            US        1458        30893
    ## 12            UA        1866        64681
    ## 7             F9        2132        50160
    ## 5             DL        2134        75610
    ## 1             9E        2549        70503
    ## 8             MQ        2663        74210
    ## 10            OH        2986       113406
    ## 11            OO        4015       128865
    ## 15            XE        4618       135106
    ## 3             B6        4798       208651
    ## 16            YV        4994       189294
    ## 4             CO        9230       292579
    ## 2             AA       19995       614893
    ## 14            WN       34876       907241

    ggplot(combined_df, aes(Delay_Times, Delay_Length)) +
      geom_point(aes(color = UniqueCarrier)) +
      geom_smooth(se = FALSE) +
      labs(title = "Worst UniqueCarrier")

    ## `geom_smooth()` using method = 'loess' and formula 'y ~ x'

![](Answer_files/figure-markdown_strict/unnamed-chunk-13-2.png)
Description: By observing the “Wosrt UniqueCarrier” plot above, the
x-axis represent the total number of times for a UniqueCarrier to delay.
And the y-axis represents the toatl Length of delay for that
UniqueCarrier over the year. The additional feature is that point is
colored by its UniqueCarrier.

Analysis: Therefore, the closer the point gets to the \[0,0\] grid, the
better the UniqueCarrier behaves.

    # bad UniqueCarrier:
    bad_UniqueCarrier = combined_df[which(combined_df$Delay_Times > 10000),]
    bad_UniqueCarrier

    ##    UniqueCarrier Delay_Times Delay_Length
    ## 2             AA       19995       614893
    ## 14            WN       34876       907241

    # Best Unique Carrier:
    good_UniqueCarrier1 = combined_df[which(combined_df$Delay_Times <2500),]
    good_UniqueCarrier2 = combined_df[which(combined_df$Delay_Length <70000),]
    best = merge(good_UniqueCarrier1, good_UniqueCarrier2, by = "UniqueCarrier", sort = TRUE)
    best

    ##   UniqueCarrier Delay_Times.x Delay_Length.x Delay_Times.y Delay_Length.y
    ## 1            EV           825          33704           825          33704
    ## 2            F9          2132          50160          2132          50160
    ## 3            NW           121           4119           121           4119
    ## 4            UA          1866          64681          1866          64681
    ## 5            US          1458          30893          1458          30893

Above is additional result that help us obtain the specific best
UniqueCarrier and worst one. The good ones are : EV F9 NW UA US

The bad ones are: AA, WN

################### 

Question 3 \#\#\#\#\#\#\#\#\#\#\#\#\#\#\#\#\#\#\#

    rm(list=ls())

    library(mosaic)
    library(quantmod)

    ## Loading required package: xts

    ## Loading required package: zoo

    ## 
    ## Attaching package: 'zoo'

    ## The following objects are masked from 'package:base':
    ## 
    ##     as.Date, as.Date.numeric

    ## Registered S3 method overwritten by 'xts':
    ##   method     from
    ##   as.zoo.xts zoo

    ## 
    ## Attaching package: 'xts'

    ## The following objects are masked from 'package:dplyr':
    ## 
    ##     first, last

    ## Loading required package: TTR

    ## Registered S3 method overwritten by 'quantmod':
    ##   method            from
    ##   as.zoo.data.frame zoo

    ## Version 0.4-0 included new data defaults. See ?getSymbols.

    library(foreach)

    #FIRST porfolio  agricultrual equity

    # Import a few stocks
    mystocks_1 = c("DBA", "CORN", "RJA")
    #get last five year data
    myprices = getSymbols(mystocks_1, from = "2014-01-01")

    ## 'getSymbols' currently uses auto.assign=TRUE by default, but will
    ## use auto.assign=FALSE in 0.5-0. You will still be able to use
    ## 'loadSymbols' to automatically load data. getOption("getSymbols.env")
    ## and getOption("getSymbols.auto.assign") will still be checked for
    ## alternate defaults.
    ## 
    ## This message is shown once per session and may be disabled by setting 
    ## options("getSymbols.warning4.0"=FALSE). See ?getSymbols for details.

    # Adjust for splits and dividends
    for(ticker in mystocks_1) {
        expr = paste0(ticker, "a = adjustOHLC(", ticker, ")")
        eval(parse(text=expr))
    }

    # Combine close to close changes in a single matrix
    all_returns = cbind(ClCl(DBAa),ClCl(CORNa),ClCl(RJAa))
    #omit NA column
    all_returns = as.matrix(na.omit(all_returns))

    N = nrow(all_returns)

    # Now loop over two trading weeks
    initial_wealth =100000
    sim1 = foreach(i=1:10000, .combine='rbind') %do% {
        total_wealth = initial_wealth
        weights = c(1/3,1/3,1/3)
        holdings = weights * total_wealth
        n_days = 20
        wealthtracker = rep(0, n_days)
        for(today in 1:n_days) {
            return.today = resample(all_returns, 1, orig.ids=FALSE)
            holdings = holdings + holdings*return.today
            total_wealth = sum(holdings)
            wealthtracker[today] = total_wealth
        }
        wealthtracker
    }
    #Get the 5% level of the total capital at the last/20th trading day 
    lowest = quantile(sim1[,n_days],0.05)
    #Value at Risk(in percentage)
    VaR_1 = (lowest-initial_wealth)/initial_wealth*100
    VaR_1

    ##        5% 
    ## -6.171921

    #histogram of distribution of the wealth after 20 trading days for 10,000 trials
    #with red line showing lowest 5% of the disbrution of total returns
    hist(sim1[,n_days], 25)
    abline(v=lowest, col="red", lw=1)

![](Answer_files/figure-markdown_strict/unnamed-chunk-16-1.png)

    #SECOND PORFOLIO  China equity

    # Import a few stocks(China equity)
    mystocks_2 = c("MCHI", "FXI", "ASHR","GXC","CQQQ")
    #get last five year data
    myprices_2 = getSymbols(mystocks_2, from = "2014-01-01")

    # Adjust for splits and dividends
    for(ticker in mystocks_2) {
        expr = paste0(ticker, "a = adjustOHLC(", ticker, ")")
        eval(parse(text=expr))
    }

    # Combine close to close changes in a single matrix
    all_returns_2 = cbind(ClCl(MCHIa),ClCl(FXIa),ClCl(ASHRa),ClCl(GXCa),ClCl(CQQQa))
    #omit NA column
    all_returns_2 = as.matrix(na.omit(all_returns_2))

    # Now loop over two trading weeks
    initial_wealth_2 = 100000
    sim2 = foreach(i=1:10000, .combine='rbind') %do% {
        total_wealth_2 = initial_wealth_2
        weights_2 = c(0.2,0.2,0.2,0.2,0.2)
        holdings_2 = weights_2 * total_wealth_2
        n_days = 20
        wealthtracker_2 = rep(0, n_days)
        for(today in 1:n_days) {
            return.today_2 = resample(all_returns_2, 1, orig.ids=FALSE)
            holdings_2 = holdings_2 + holdings_2*return.today_2
            total_wealth_2 = sum(holdings_2)
            wealthtracker_2[today] = total_wealth_2
        }
        wealthtracker_2
    }
    #Get the 5% level of the total capital at the last/20th trading day 
    lowest = quantile(sim2[,20],0.05)
    #Value at Risk(in percentage)
    VaR_2 = (lowest-initial_wealth_2)/initial_wealth_2*100
    VaR_2

    ##        5% 
    ## -9.780584

    #histogram of distribution of the wealth after 20 trading days for 10,000 trials
    #with red line showing 5% of the disbrution from worst to best
    hist(sim2[,n_days], 25)
    abline(v=lowest, col="red", lw=1)

![](Answer_files/figure-markdown_strict/unnamed-chunk-17-1.png)

    #THIRD PORFOLIO  big technology equity

    # Import a few stocks(China equity)
    mystocks_3 = c("XLK", "VGT", "IYW","IGV","IXN","FTEC","QTEC","FXL","SKYY","RYT")
    #get last five year data
    myprices_3 = getSymbols(mystocks_3, from = "2014-01-01")

    ## pausing 1 second between requests for more than 5 symbols
    ## pausing 1 second between requests for more than 5 symbols
    ## pausing 1 second between requests for more than 5 symbols
    ## pausing 1 second between requests for more than 5 symbols
    ## pausing 1 second between requests for more than 5 symbols
    ## pausing 1 second between requests for more than 5 symbols

    # Adjust for splits and dividends
    for(ticker in mystocks_3) {
        expr = paste0(ticker, "a = adjustOHLC(", ticker, ")")
        eval(parse(text=expr))
    }

    # Combine close to close changes in a single matrix
    all_returns_3 = cbind(ClCl(XLKa),ClCl(VGTa),ClCl(IYWa),ClCl(IGVa),ClCl(IXNa),ClCl(FTECa),ClCl(QTECa),ClCl(FXLa),ClCl(SKYYa),ClCl(RYTa))
    #omit NA column
    all_returns_3 = as.matrix(na.omit(all_returns_3))

    # Now loop over two trading weeks
    initial_wealth_3 = 100000
    sim3 = foreach(i=1:10000, .combine='rbind') %do% {
        total_wealth_3 = initial_wealth_3
        weights_3 = c(0.1,0.1,0.1,0.1,0.1,0.1,0.1,0.1,0.1,0.1)
        holdings_3 = weights_3 * total_wealth_3
        n_days = 20
        wealthtracker_3 = rep(0, n_days)
        for(today in 1:n_days) {
            return.today_3 = resample(all_returns_3, 1, orig.ids=FALSE)
            holdings_3 = holdings_3 + holdings_3*return.today_3
            total_wealth_3 = sum(holdings_3)
            wealthtracker_3[today] = total_wealth_3
        }
        wealthtracker_3
    }

    #Get the 5% level of the total capital at the last/20th trading day 
    lowest = quantile(sim3[,20],0.05)
    #Value at Risk(in percentage)
    VaR_3 = (lowest-initial_wealth_3)/initial_wealth_3*100
    VaR_3

    ##        5% 
    ## -6.429252

    #histogram of distribution of the wealth after 20 trading days for 10,000 trials
    #with red line showing 5% of the disbrution from worst to best
    hist(sim3[,n_days], 25)
    abline(v=lowest, col="red", lw=1)

![](Answer_files/figure-markdown_strict/unnamed-chunk-18-1.png) Report:
Using the package above, I have created three different portfolios in
Commodity and two different areas of Equities. For all the three
portfolios, instead of the number of the importing different number
ETFs, we make sure and use all the funds have at least five years of
data and tried to use Bootstrap method to resample for 1 trading days,
and with a For loop iterates 20 times, we were able to obtain one of the
trials regarding the estimate the 4-week (20 trading days) of total
returns. Furthermore, we believe that running only one trial of the
simulation is not enough. Thus, we wrote a for loop to simulate 10,000
trials of a total returns for 20 trading days. For the first portfolio,
I imported three funds “DBA”, “CORN”, “RJA” from the Agricultural Equity
section from the etfdb.com. Since what we are doing is the Monte Carlo
Simulation, with 10,000 trials of the total returns for 20 trading days,
we were able to use quantile () function to choose the total capital at
5% level or 5 percentiles among all the total capital at last trading
day and this percentile is the red line on the second histogram for each
portfolios. Ultimately, we were able to calculate the Value at Risk, the
value at Risk in percentage we get from the portfolio is -6.28857%,
which means that the maximum loss at 5% level over 20 trading days would
be 6.28857% of our initial capital. For the second portfolio, I imported
five funds: “MCHI”, “FXI”, “ASHR”,“GXC”,“CQQQ” from the China Equity
section. With 10,000 trials of the total returns for 20 trading days, we
were able to use quantile () function to choose the total capital at 5%
level or 5 percentiles among all the total capital at last trading day.
Then we calculated the average/mean of those worst total returns.
Finally, the Value at Risk we get from this portfolio is -9.823968%
which means that the maximum loss at 5% level over 20 trading days would
be 9.823968% of our initial capital. For the third portfolio, I imported
ten funds: “XLK”, “VGT”, “IYW”, “IGV”, “IXN”, “FTEC”, “QTEC”, “FXL”,
“SKYY”, “RYT” from the Technology Equity section. With the same number
of 10,000 trials of the total returns for 20 trading days, we were able
to use quantile () function to choose the total capital at 5% level or 5
percentiles among all the total capital at last trading day. Finally, we
were able to calculate the Value at Risk. The Value at Risk we get from
the portfolio is -6.73835% which means that the maximum loss at 5% level
over 20 trading days would be 6.73835% of our initial capital.

################### 

Question 4 \#\#\#\#\#\#\#\#\#\#\#\#\#\#\#\#\#\#\# Consider the data in
social\_marketing.csv. This was data collected in the course of a
market-research study using followers of the Twitter account of a large
consumer brand that shall remain nameless—let’s call it “NutrientH20”
just to have a label. The goal here was for NutrientH20 to understand
its social-media audience a little bit better, so that it could hone its
messaging a little more sharply.

Your task to is analyze this data as you see fit, and to prepare a
concise report for NutrientH20 that identifies any interesting market
segments that appear to stand out in their social-media audience. You
have complete freedom in deciding how to pre-process the data and how to
define “market segment.” (Is it a group of correlated interests? A
cluster? A latent factor? Etc.) Just use the data to come up with some
interesting, well-supported insights about the audience, and be clear
about what you did.

1.  Data Clean: Clean spam col: spam;adult;uncategorized

2.  fit the data to identify clusters(interesting market segments by
    group of correlated interests:Cluster)

<!-- -->

    # Read data and import library
    rm(list=ls())
    library(MASS)
    library(ISLR)
    library(leaps)
    library(glmnet)

    ## Loaded glmnet 2.0-18

    library(Matrix)
    library(foreach)

    library(mosaic)
    library(tidyverse)

    library(ggplot2)
    library(LICORS)  # for kmeans++

    set.seed(1)
    social_marketing <- read.csv("../Data/social_marketing.csv",header=TRUE)
    attach(social_marketing)

    detach(social_marketing)

1.  Data Clean

<!-- -->

    # Rename the first col to user
    names(social_marketing)[1] <- 'user'

    # Delete the useless cols.
    social_marketing = subset(social_marketing, select = -c(spam,adult,uncategorized) )

    names(social_marketing)

    ##  [1] "user"             "chatter"          "current_events"  
    ##  [4] "travel"           "photo_sharing"    "tv_film"         
    ##  [7] "sports_fandom"    "politics"         "food"            
    ## [10] "family"           "home_and_garden"  "music"           
    ## [13] "news"             "online_gaming"    "shopping"        
    ## [16] "health_nutrition" "college_uni"      "sports_playing"  
    ## [19] "cooking"          "eco"              "computers"       
    ## [22] "business"         "outdoors"         "crafts"          
    ## [25] "automotive"       "art"              "religion"        
    ## [28] "beauty"           "parenting"        "dating"          
    ## [31] "school"           "personal_fitness" "fashion"         
    ## [34] "small_business"

    nrow(social_marketing)

    ## [1] 7882

1.  fit the data to identify clusters(interesting market segments)

K-means

try1 = girls

“chatter”,“photo\_sharing”,“tv\_film”,“beauty”,“dating”,“personal\_fitness”,“fashion”

    girl_col =  c("chatter","photo_sharing","tv_film","beauty","dating","personal_fitness","fashion")
    try1 = social_marketing[girl_col]

    try1 = scale(try1)

    #k elbow
    library(foreach)
    k_grid = seq(2, 20, by=1)
    SSE_grid = foreach(k = k_grid, .combine='c') %do% {
      cluster_k = kmeans(try1, k, nstart=50)
      cluster_k$tot.withinss
    }

    ## Warning: did not converge in 10 iterations

    ## Warning: did not converge in 10 iterations

    plot(k_grid, SSE_grid)

![](Answer_files/figure-markdown_strict/unnamed-chunk-22-1.png)

    # CH index
    N = nrow(try1)
    k_grid = seq(2, 20, by=1)
    CH_grid = foreach(k = k_grid, .combine='c') %do% {
      cluster_k = kmeans(cars, k, nstart=50)
      W = cluster_k$tot.withinss
      B = cluster_k$betweenss
      CH = (B/W)*((N-k)/(k-1))
      CH
    }

    plot(k_grid, CH_grid)

![](Answer_files/figure-markdown_strict/unnamed-chunk-22-2.png)

    # From above two plots, k = 10 prob a good estimate 

    # Center and scale the data
    try1 = social_marketing[girl_col]
    try1 = scale(try1, center=TRUE, scale=TRUE)

    # Extract the centers and scales from the rescaled data (which are named attributes)
    mu = attr(try1,"scaled:center")
    sigma = attr(try1,"scaled:scale")

    # Run k-means with 10 clusters and 25 starts
    clust1 = kmeans(try1, 10, nstart=25)


    # What are the clusters?
    clust1$center  # not super helpful

    ##        chatter photo_sharing     tv_film      beauty      dating
    ## 1   0.07232720    1.79475040 -0.04237246  3.67280461 -0.04846846
    ## 2  -0.46949557   -0.44957824 -0.23895447 -0.29057661 -0.09619789
    ## 3   2.17912768    2.16768635 -0.07693083 -0.05456317 -0.11056196
    ## 4   0.81476970    0.46065629 -0.27745240 -0.30848983 -0.18688804
    ## 5   0.91378430   -0.02678417 -0.09131243  0.26650265  4.35463173
    ## 6   0.03994713    0.07585403  3.62663760  0.01008513 -0.10901575
    ## 7  -0.55047211   -0.56522595 -0.42195359 -0.29730628 -0.20566954
    ## 8   0.07456081    0.07953939 -0.09764824 -0.14262464  0.15900897
    ## 9  -0.43854853   -0.49828852  1.01297394 -0.25685975 -0.19589792
    ## 10 -0.25339657    0.43175556 -0.22528431  1.43343822 -0.14600514
    ##    personal_fitness     fashion
    ## 1        0.13593799  3.62725471
    ## 2        1.27886310 -0.28867911
    ## 3        0.04004622 -0.07012056
    ## 4       -0.32446618 -0.27721113
    ## 5       -0.06784030  0.77281231
    ## 6       -0.04893250 -0.01985852
    ## 7       -0.43309878 -0.35636078
    ## 8        3.24474756 -0.09215330
    ## 9       -0.42652437 -0.28710332
    ## 10      -0.16523624  1.47080735

    clust1$center[1,]*sigma + mu

    ##          chatter    photo_sharing          tv_film           beauty 
    ##        4.6540084        7.5991561        1.0000000        5.5822785 
    ##           dating personal_fitness          fashion 
    ##        0.6244726        1.7890295        7.6286920

    clust1$center[2,]*sigma + mu

    ##          chatter    photo_sharing          tv_film           beauty 
    ##        2.7418478        1.4687500        0.6739130        0.3192935 
    ##           dating personal_fitness          fashion 
    ##        0.5394022        4.5380435        0.4687500

    clust1$center[4,]*sigma + mu

    ##          chatter    photo_sharing          tv_film           beauty 
    ##        7.2741813        3.9550647        0.6100533        0.2955065 
    ##           dating personal_fitness          fashion 
    ##        0.3777609        0.6816451        0.4897182

    # Which cars are in which clusters?
    summary(clust1)

    ##              Length Class  Mode   
    ## cluster      7882   -none- numeric
    ## centers        70   -none- numeric
    ## totss           1   -none- numeric
    ## withinss       10   -none- numeric
    ## tot.withinss    1   -none- numeric
    ## betweenss       1   -none- numeric
    ## size           10   -none- numeric
    ## iter            1   -none- numeric
    ## ifault          1   -none- numeric

    which(clust1$cluster == 1)

    ##   32   45   56  129  183  215  234  245  248  254  286  306  397  450  452 
    ##   32   45   56  129  183  215  234  245  248  254  286  306  397  450  452 
    ##  463  468  483  523  544  591  604  653  689  743  749  756  758  762  823 
    ##  463  468  483  523  544  591  604  653  689  743  749  756  758  762  823 
    ##  851  902  972  980  993 1009 1020 1026 1028 1033 1051 1056 1091 1179 1204 
    ##  851  902  972  980  993 1009 1020 1026 1028 1033 1051 1056 1091 1179 1204 
    ## 1246 1283 1286 1327 1461 1604 1613 1622 1671 1699 1716 1733 1814 1819 1824 
    ## 1246 1283 1286 1327 1461 1604 1613 1622 1671 1699 1716 1733 1814 1819 1824 
    ## 1826 1840 1842 1882 1903 1941 1951 1977 1992 2034 2077 2101 2117 2133 2173 
    ## 1826 1840 1842 1882 1903 1941 1951 1977 1992 2034 2077 2101 2117 2133 2173 
    ## 2248 2260 2362 2437 2441 2460 2511 2520 2570 2574 2605 2623 2655 2661 2671 
    ## 2248 2260 2362 2437 2441 2460 2511 2520 2570 2574 2605 2623 2655 2661 2671 
    ## 2688 2757 2770 2839 2870 2895 2900 2907 2942 2975 2983 3000 3018 3045 3094 
    ## 2688 2757 2770 2839 2870 2895 2900 2907 2942 2975 2983 3000 3018 3045 3094 
    ## 3150 3177 3181 3235 3247 3257 3308 3404 3420 3482 3486 3537 3562 3585 3630 
    ## 3150 3177 3181 3235 3247 3257 3308 3404 3420 3482 3486 3537 3562 3585 3630 
    ## 3635 3696 3725 3776 3795 3808 3903 3913 3927 3997 4076 4091 4145 4165 4188 
    ## 3635 3696 3725 3776 3795 3808 3903 3913 3927 3997 4076 4091 4145 4165 4188 
    ## 4206 4216 4248 4279 4320 4332 4513 4542 4568 4635 4639 4642 4643 4646 4705 
    ## 4206 4216 4248 4279 4320 4332 4513 4542 4568 4635 4639 4642 4643 4646 4705 
    ## 4726 4766 4841 4865 4882 4902 4922 4952 4956 4969 5045 5069 5073 5209 5231 
    ## 4726 4766 4841 4865 4882 4902 4922 4952 4956 4969 5045 5069 5073 5209 5231 
    ## 5254 5266 5278 5295 5296 5321 5332 5365 5418 5434 5457 5572 5642 5655 5676 
    ## 5254 5266 5278 5295 5296 5321 5332 5365 5418 5434 5457 5572 5642 5655 5676 
    ## 5679 5767 5820 5827 5913 5923 5933 5951 5985 5997 6005 6010 6013 6173 6185 
    ## 5679 5767 5820 5827 5913 5923 5933 5951 5985 5997 6005 6010 6013 6173 6185 
    ## 6230 6441 6453 6459 6497 6557 6584 6637 6671 6877 6895 6907 6946 6956 7002 
    ## 6230 6441 6453 6459 6497 6557 6584 6637 6671 6877 6895 6907 6946 6956 7002 
    ## 7031 7059 7065 7123 7183 7249 7263 7290 7306 7319 7348 7379 7467 7547 7610 
    ## 7031 7059 7065 7123 7183 7249 7263 7290 7306 7319 7348 7379 7467 7547 7610 
    ## 7635 7653 7654 7669 7672 7678 7685 7754 7781 7803 7832 7860 
    ## 7635 7653 7654 7669 7672 7678 7685 7754 7781 7803 7832 7860

    which(clust1$cluster == 2)

    ##   15   49   71   88   91  104  110  139  158  167  168  176  179  192  203 
    ##   15   49   71   88   91  104  110  139  158  167  168  176  179  192  203 
    ##  224  235  249  250  251  267  296  302  314  326  329  339  352  360  362 
    ##  224  235  249  250  251  267  296  302  314  326  329  339  352  360  362 
    ##  367  381  389  402  416  425  433  437  449  470  487  514  516  526  529 
    ##  367  381  389  402  416  425  433  437  449  470  487  514  516  526  529 
    ##  532  535  553  560  574  585  599  609  613  649  650  652  671  674  675 
    ##  532  535  553  560  574  585  599  609  613  649  650  652  671  674  675 
    ##  677  687  701  702  705  726  754  765  773  796  812  867  917  919  921 
    ##  677  687  701  702  705  726  754  765  773  796  812  867  917  919  921 
    ##  929  930  943  945  948  978  985 1005 1035 1037 1047 1049 1053 1057 1067 
    ##  929  930  943  945  948  978  985 1005 1035 1037 1047 1049 1053 1057 1067 
    ## 1074 1085 1113 1119 1122 1128 1132 1153 1162 1180 1187 1194 1202 1206 1207 
    ## 1074 1085 1113 1119 1122 1128 1132 1153 1162 1180 1187 1194 1202 1206 1207 
    ## 1213 1224 1228 1241 1270 1275 1280 1281 1285 1287 1292 1293 1294 1304 1323 
    ## 1213 1224 1228 1241 1270 1275 1280 1281 1285 1287 1292 1293 1294 1304 1323 
    ## 1333 1339 1343 1361 1410 1428 1430 1434 1446 1449 1455 1457 1464 1469 1470 
    ## 1333 1339 1343 1361 1410 1428 1430 1434 1446 1449 1455 1457 1464 1469 1470 
    ## 1472 1489 1512 1520 1529 1540 1541 1547 1562 1565 1588 1608 1624 1642 1644 
    ## 1472 1489 1512 1520 1529 1540 1541 1547 1562 1565 1588 1608 1624 1642 1644 
    ## 1655 1656 1665 1672 1673 1677 1678 1680 1688 1689 1703 1707 1708 1713 1728 
    ## 1655 1656 1665 1672 1673 1677 1678 1680 1688 1689 1703 1707 1708 1713 1728 
    ## 1736 1751 1760 1772 1789 1796 1807 1832 1837 1843 1850 1853 1865 1872 1890 
    ## 1736 1751 1760 1772 1789 1796 1807 1832 1837 1843 1850 1853 1865 1872 1890 
    ## 1897 1918 1922 1948 1963 1968 1969 1998 2009 2010 2018 2029 2037 2072 2078 
    ## 1897 1918 1922 1948 1963 1968 1969 1998 2009 2010 2018 2029 2037 2072 2078 
    ## 2096 2105 2115 2118 2127 2131 2152 2154 2156 2162 2191 2193 2197 2200 2208 
    ## 2096 2105 2115 2118 2127 2131 2152 2154 2156 2162 2191 2193 2197 2200 2208 
    ## 2209 2212 2237 2238 2241 2247 2259 2274 2280 2294 2295 2297 2308 2321 2327 
    ## 2209 2212 2237 2238 2241 2247 2259 2274 2280 2294 2295 2297 2308 2321 2327 
    ## 2344 2360 2378 2395 2407 2419 2424 2425 2428 2442 2451 2473 2524 2528 2532 
    ## 2344 2360 2378 2395 2407 2419 2424 2425 2428 2442 2451 2473 2524 2528 2532 
    ## 2540 2541 2552 2568 2578 2588 2601 2610 2617 2622 2633 2640 2650 2656 2659 
    ## 2540 2541 2552 2568 2578 2588 2601 2610 2617 2622 2633 2640 2650 2656 2659 
    ## 2665 2667 2670 2674 2675 2691 2698 2703 2705 2712 2714 2734 2741 2742 2748 
    ## 2665 2667 2670 2674 2675 2691 2698 2703 2705 2712 2714 2734 2741 2742 2748 
    ## 2754 2766 2769 2772 2784 2787 2788 2799 2837 2841 2847 2854 2865 2866 2877 
    ## 2754 2766 2769 2772 2784 2787 2788 2799 2837 2841 2847 2854 2865 2866 2877 
    ## 2881 2967 2979 2981 2982 2996 3011 3013 3030 3035 3040 3042 3047 3049 3054 
    ## 2881 2967 2979 2981 2982 2996 3011 3013 3030 3035 3040 3042 3047 3049 3054 
    ## 3063 3067 3084 3098 3115 3122 3127 3129 3169 3172 3182 3187 3209 3221 3248 
    ## 3063 3067 3084 3098 3115 3122 3127 3129 3169 3172 3182 3187 3209 3221 3248 
    ## 3262 3266 3267 3281 3292 3294 3302 3322 3333 3346 3351 3364 3382 3391 3398 
    ## 3262 3266 3267 3281 3292 3294 3302 3322 3333 3346 3351 3364 3382 3391 3398 
    ## 3407 3415 3418 3419 3461 3475 3476 3477 3527 3532 3540 3565 3584 3595 3606 
    ## 3407 3415 3418 3419 3461 3475 3476 3477 3527 3532 3540 3565 3584 3595 3606 
    ## 3643 3645 3676 3677 3678 3697 3705 3707 3717 3718 3726 3728 3735 3743 3782 
    ## 3643 3645 3676 3677 3678 3697 3705 3707 3717 3718 3726 3728 3735 3743 3782 
    ## 3785 3790 3799 3806 3821 3828 3831 3851 3860 3875 3930 3933 3939 3940 3943 
    ## 3785 3790 3799 3806 3821 3828 3831 3851 3860 3875 3930 3933 3939 3940 3943 
    ## 3949 3951 3962 3976 3983 3996 4016 4026 4027 4042 4043 4044 4048 4050 4069 
    ## 3949 3951 3962 3976 3983 3996 4016 4026 4027 4042 4043 4044 4048 4050 4069 
    ## 4071 4074 4078 4081 4108 4116 4117 4119 4139 4146 4157 4161 4173 4178 4190 
    ## 4071 4074 4078 4081 4108 4116 4117 4119 4139 4146 4157 4161 4173 4178 4190 
    ## 4195 4199 4222 4230 4232 4253 4259 4262 4267 4272 4275 4300 4302 4311 4315 
    ## 4195 4199 4222 4230 4232 4253 4259 4262 4267 4272 4275 4300 4302 4311 4315 
    ## 4319 4325 4330 4333 4340 4345 4349 4358 4367 4377 4411 4431 4442 4486 4530 
    ## 4319 4325 4330 4333 4340 4345 4349 4358 4367 4377 4411 4431 4442 4486 4530 
    ## 4538 4551 4557 4563 4569 4580 4600 4607 4611 4647 4655 4670 4672 4689 4698 
    ## 4538 4551 4557 4563 4569 4580 4600 4607 4611 4647 4655 4670 4672 4689 4698 
    ## 4715 4721 4741 4746 4783 4790 4796 4817 4835 4884 4911 4926 4928 4944 4954 
    ## 4715 4721 4741 4746 4783 4790 4796 4817 4835 4884 4911 4926 4928 4944 4954 
    ## 4965 4975 4989 4990 4998 5012 5029 5031 5052 5071 5082 5094 5106 5125 5129 
    ## 4965 4975 4989 4990 4998 5012 5029 5031 5052 5071 5082 5094 5106 5125 5129 
    ## 5131 5140 5146 5168 5176 5185 5198 5199 5220 5242 5243 5255 5256 5277 5293 
    ## 5131 5140 5146 5168 5176 5185 5198 5199 5220 5242 5243 5255 5256 5277 5293 
    ## 5301 5316 5320 5325 5340 5350 5363 5376 5389 5398 5417 5427 5432 5449 5454 
    ## 5301 5316 5320 5325 5340 5350 5363 5376 5389 5398 5417 5427 5432 5449 5454 
    ## 5455 5467 5473 5488 5489 5492 5504 5505 5506 5515 5520 5551 5556 5559 5587 
    ## 5455 5467 5473 5488 5489 5492 5504 5505 5506 5515 5520 5551 5556 5559 5587 
    ## 5610 5618 5636 5657 5660 5661 5663 5684 5710 5713 5714 5719 5725 5730 5750 
    ## 5610 5618 5636 5657 5660 5661 5663 5684 5710 5713 5714 5719 5725 5730 5750 
    ## 5753 5755 5759 5775 5777 5787 5789 5792 5795 5797 5810 5824 5834 5841 5873 
    ## 5753 5755 5759 5775 5777 5787 5789 5792 5795 5797 5810 5824 5834 5841 5873 
    ## 5888 5904 5911 5927 5966 5981 5987 5988 6054 6056 6066 6072 6074 6079 6089 
    ## 5888 5904 5911 5927 5966 5981 5987 5988 6054 6056 6066 6072 6074 6079 6089 
    ## 6107 6113 6163 6167 6175 6177 6190 6193 6198 6204 6212 6224 6228 6235 6236 
    ## 6107 6113 6163 6167 6175 6177 6190 6193 6198 6204 6212 6224 6228 6235 6236 
    ## 6245 6256 6271 6273 6314 6324 6325 6331 6337 6341 6347 6354 6356 6360 6395 
    ## 6245 6256 6271 6273 6314 6324 6325 6331 6337 6341 6347 6354 6356 6360 6395 
    ## 6405 6416 6419 6421 6449 6463 6465 6472 6491 6496 6529 6530 6542 6552 6591 
    ## 6405 6416 6419 6421 6449 6463 6465 6472 6491 6496 6529 6530 6542 6552 6591 
    ## 6592 6596 6598 6615 6630 6631 6636 6639 6647 6679 6684 6688 6717 6725 6739 
    ## 6592 6596 6598 6615 6630 6631 6636 6639 6647 6679 6684 6688 6717 6725 6739 
    ## 6756 6761 6762 6770 6771 6805 6809 6812 6814 6815 6820 6821 6825 6826 6843 
    ## 6756 6761 6762 6770 6771 6805 6809 6812 6814 6815 6820 6821 6825 6826 6843 
    ## 6857 6860 6874 6875 6880 6882 6891 6892 6901 6937 6942 6952 6959 6967 6969 
    ## 6857 6860 6874 6875 6880 6882 6891 6892 6901 6937 6942 6952 6959 6967 6969 
    ## 6980 6984 7024 7025 7047 7058 7078 7079 7101 7105 7106 7116 7122 7128 7145 
    ## 6980 6984 7024 7025 7047 7058 7078 7079 7101 7105 7106 7116 7122 7128 7145 
    ## 7152 7153 7190 7229 7244 7245 7259 7264 7266 7283 7287 7296 7301 7322 7330 
    ## 7152 7153 7190 7229 7244 7245 7259 7264 7266 7283 7287 7296 7301 7322 7330 
    ## 7341 7350 7361 7375 7382 7395 7402 7411 7417 7425 7433 7460 7476 7485 7486 
    ## 7341 7350 7361 7375 7382 7395 7402 7411 7417 7425 7433 7460 7476 7485 7486 
    ## 7488 7492 7493 7514 7527 7536 7541 7563 7570 7585 7588 7612 7613 7680 7687 
    ## 7488 7492 7493 7514 7527 7536 7541 7563 7570 7585 7588 7612 7613 7680 7687 
    ## 7706 7709 7729 7733 7744 7756 7760 7767 7802 7805 7827 7851 7864 7865 7875 
    ## 7706 7709 7729 7733 7744 7756 7760 7767 7802 7805 7827 7851 7864 7865 7875 
    ## 7880 
    ## 7880

    which(clust1$cluster == 3)

    ##   13   22   23   30   68   75   95  108  109  119  124  125  135  140  174 
    ##   13   22   23   30   68   75   95  108  109  119  124  125  135  140  174 
    ##  197  214  279  292  313  315  336  341  357  358  366  396  421  454  476 
    ##  197  214  279  292  313  315  336  341  357  358  366  396  421  454  476 
    ##  480  489  502  525  541  549  583  617  624  637  638  644  651  660  673 
    ##  480  489  502  525  541  549  583  617  624  637  638  644  651  660  673 
    ##  676  684  688  695  706  775  816  835  843  890  937  956  975  997 1017 
    ##  676  684  688  695  706  775  816  835  843  890  937  956  975  997 1017 
    ## 1024 1036 1103 1124 1139 1161 1183 1184 1239 1258 1264 1266 1274 1297 1303 
    ## 1024 1036 1103 1124 1139 1161 1183 1184 1239 1258 1264 1266 1274 1297 1303 
    ## 1315 1334 1346 1351 1405 1406 1416 1425 1436 1467 1477 1492 1502 1514 1542 
    ## 1315 1334 1346 1351 1405 1406 1416 1425 1436 1467 1477 1492 1502 1514 1542 
    ## 1559 1570 1580 1633 1652 1660 1662 1683 1687 1731 1739 1742 1757 1771 1798 
    ## 1559 1570 1580 1633 1652 1660 1662 1683 1687 1731 1739 1742 1757 1771 1798 
    ## 1809 1835 1857 1861 1876 1886 1901 1906 1926 1945 1946 1964 1965 1971 1973 
    ## 1809 1835 1857 1861 1876 1886 1901 1906 1926 1945 1946 1964 1965 1971 1973 
    ## 1994 2020 2047 2051 2066 2068 2097 2099 2106 2149 2151 2155 2166 2167 2183 
    ## 1994 2020 2047 2051 2066 2068 2097 2099 2106 2149 2151 2155 2166 2167 2183 
    ## 2210 2226 2242 2258 2284 2289 2296 2324 2340 2371 2380 2383 2390 2394 2399 
    ## 2210 2226 2242 2258 2284 2289 2296 2324 2340 2371 2380 2383 2390 2394 2399 
    ## 2405 2427 2432 2439 2464 2481 2507 2517 2525 2548 2556 2584 2618 2632 2677 
    ## 2405 2427 2432 2439 2464 2481 2507 2517 2525 2548 2556 2584 2618 2632 2677 
    ## 2706 2737 2834 2862 2882 2896 2899 2932 2945 2954 2964 2968 2997 3001 3036 
    ## 2706 2737 2834 2862 2882 2896 2899 2932 2945 2954 2964 2968 2997 3001 3036 
    ## 3050 3053 3059 3062 3065 3073 3074 3165 3173 3210 3224 3234 3236 3269 3275 
    ## 3050 3053 3059 3062 3065 3073 3074 3165 3173 3210 3224 3234 3236 3269 3275 
    ## 3297 3314 3318 3334 3389 3396 3435 3439 3446 3454 3469 3494 3523 3529 3547 
    ## 3297 3314 3318 3334 3389 3396 3435 3439 3446 3454 3469 3494 3523 3529 3547 
    ## 3580 3604 3609 3614 3618 3622 3665 3673 3695 3733 3763 3832 3836 3855 3857 
    ## 3580 3604 3609 3614 3618 3622 3665 3673 3695 3733 3763 3832 3836 3855 3857 
    ## 3859 3862 3865 3867 3876 3883 3889 3899 3912 3945 4030 4038 4039 4064 4113 
    ## 3859 3862 3865 3867 3876 3883 3889 3899 3912 3945 4030 4038 4039 4064 4113 
    ## 4154 4193 4237 4245 4255 4257 4276 4283 4287 4348 4364 4419 4425 4426 4432 
    ## 4154 4193 4237 4245 4255 4257 4276 4283 4287 4348 4364 4419 4425 4426 4432 
    ## 4440 4491 4515 4535 4540 4544 4588 4592 4602 4603 4608 4619 4629 4641 4648 
    ## 4440 4491 4515 4535 4540 4544 4588 4592 4602 4603 4608 4619 4629 4641 4648 
    ## 4667 4685 4697 4730 4763 4777 4809 4816 4840 4855 4887 4919 4921 4948 4967 
    ## 4667 4685 4697 4730 4763 4777 4809 4816 4840 4855 4887 4919 4921 4948 4967 
    ## 4971 4973 4978 4995 4997 5005 5040 5078 5084 5089 5091 5098 5115 5167 5179 
    ## 4971 4973 4978 4995 4997 5005 5040 5078 5084 5089 5091 5098 5115 5167 5179 
    ## 5193 5226 5227 5262 5339 5357 5364 5410 5430 5442 5447 5475 5522 5581 5583 
    ## 5193 5226 5227 5262 5339 5357 5364 5410 5430 5442 5447 5475 5522 5581 5583 
    ## 5605 5614 5623 5631 5638 5639 5645 5652 5653 5662 5696 5726 5727 5737 5739 
    ## 5605 5614 5623 5631 5638 5639 5645 5652 5653 5662 5696 5726 5727 5737 5739 
    ## 5762 5765 5773 5778 5779 5785 5808 5812 5818 5833 5866 5882 5884 5885 5895 
    ## 5762 5765 5773 5778 5779 5785 5808 5812 5818 5833 5866 5882 5884 5885 5895 
    ## 5905 5906 5910 5929 5944 5945 5950 5961 5990 6017 6088 6101 6115 6148 6151 
    ## 5905 5906 5910 5929 5944 5945 5950 5961 5990 6017 6088 6101 6115 6148 6151 
    ## 6169 6178 6182 6192 6205 6206 6211 6261 6262 6282 6285 6301 6315 6336 6344 
    ## 6169 6178 6182 6192 6205 6206 6211 6261 6262 6282 6285 6301 6315 6336 6344 
    ## 6345 6355 6373 6413 6440 6445 6490 6522 6556 6590 6604 6613 6648 6697 6704 
    ## 6345 6355 6373 6413 6440 6445 6490 6522 6556 6590 6604 6613 6648 6697 6704 
    ## 6763 6790 6798 6838 6839 6858 6897 6905 6912 6926 6928 6950 6978 6985 7034 
    ## 6763 6790 6798 6838 6839 6858 6897 6905 6912 6926 6928 6950 6978 6985 7034 
    ## 7066 7071 7103 7135 7149 7169 7195 7203 7213 7214 7221 7234 7240 7246 7247 
    ## 7066 7071 7103 7135 7149 7169 7195 7203 7213 7214 7221 7234 7240 7246 7247 
    ## 7253 7262 7271 7272 7273 7277 7303 7311 7326 7327 7332 7387 7416 7497 7499 
    ## 7253 7262 7271 7272 7273 7277 7303 7311 7326 7327 7332 7387 7416 7497 7499 
    ## 7509 7510 7511 7521 7530 7544 7550 7567 7568 7569 7599 7622 7631 7634 7636 
    ## 7509 7510 7511 7521 7530 7544 7550 7567 7568 7569 7599 7622 7631 7634 7636 
    ## 7640 7645 7658 7659 7663 7670 7704 7730 7777 7783 7789 7810 7813 7814 7820 
    ## 7640 7645 7658 7659 7663 7670 7704 7730 7777 7783 7789 7810 7813 7814 7820 
    ## 7826 7831 7837 7858 7866 7873 
    ## 7826 7831 7837 7858 7866 7873

    which(clust1$cluster == 4)

    ##    5    6   16   20   35   38   43   44   54   55   58   67   70   72   73 
    ##    5    6   16   20   35   38   43   44   54   55   58   67   70   72   73 
    ##   78   83   89   93  100  101  102  113  115  116  122  143  149  150  151 
    ##   78   83   89   93  100  101  102  113  115  116  122  143  149  150  151 
    ##  153  157  159  160  161  169  178  182  187  193  200  209  221  222  258 
    ##  153  157  159  160  161  169  178  182  187  193  200  209  221  222  258 
    ##  263  269  273  275  281  287  289  293  301  305  311  316  318  319  328 
    ##  263  269  273  275  281  287  289  293  301  305  311  316  318  319  328 
    ##  332  333  335  337  348  350  356  365  368  370  378  388  392  394  400 
    ##  332  333  335  337  348  350  356  365  368  370  378  388  392  394  400 
    ##  403  411  420  423  435  445  448  455  458  471  493  501  503  504  509 
    ##  403  411  420  423  435  445  448  455  458  471  493  501  503  504  509 
    ##  512  513  520  521  534  546  570  571  572  576  577  580  582  588  592 
    ##  512  513  520  521  534  546  570  571  572  576  577  580  582  588  592 
    ##  595  596  610  611  615  618  635  639  654  657  662  663  665  672  681 
    ##  595  596  610  611  615  618  635  639  654  657  662  663  665  672  681 
    ##  696  708  720  721  724  725  736  738  742  747  750  763  769  776  779 
    ##  696  708  720  721  724  725  736  738  742  747  750  763  769  776  779 
    ##  782  785  793  802  810  811  814  819  825  827  830  833  836  844  853 
    ##  782  785  793  802  810  811  814  819  825  827  830  833  836  844  853 
    ##  854  864  865  869  873  874  876  877  879  882  889  903  904  909  914 
    ##  854  864  865  869  873  874  876  877  879  882  889  903  904  909  914 
    ##  925  927  932  933  936  942  946  953  958  959  965  968  982  986  991 
    ##  925  927  932  933  936  942  946  953  958  959  965  968  982  986  991 
    ##  996 1007 1030 1040 1050 1072 1073 1075 1090 1108 1109 1117 1137 1142 1144 
    ##  996 1007 1030 1040 1050 1072 1073 1075 1090 1108 1109 1117 1137 1142 1144 
    ## 1149 1150 1160 1175 1177 1186 1190 1193 1197 1198 1200 1208 1218 1222 1223 
    ## 1149 1150 1160 1175 1177 1186 1190 1193 1197 1198 1200 1208 1218 1222 1223 
    ## 1231 1238 1247 1248 1250 1251 1254 1268 1269 1300 1301 1308 1310 1314 1317 
    ## 1231 1238 1247 1248 1250 1251 1254 1268 1269 1300 1301 1308 1310 1314 1317 
    ## 1331 1345 1350 1353 1362 1367 1369 1374 1380 1384 1388 1390 1394 1403 1412 
    ## 1331 1345 1350 1353 1362 1367 1369 1374 1380 1384 1388 1390 1394 1403 1412 
    ## 1419 1422 1441 1444 1448 1462 1463 1481 1504 1525 1526 1546 1549 1552 1555 
    ## 1419 1422 1441 1444 1448 1462 1463 1481 1504 1525 1526 1546 1549 1552 1555 
    ## 1557 1564 1571 1579 1589 1592 1593 1600 1601 1619 1629 1635 1639 1648 1650 
    ## 1557 1564 1571 1579 1589 1592 1593 1600 1601 1619 1629 1635 1639 1648 1650 
    ## 1654 1658 1661 1664 1666 1668 1675 1682 1700 1702 1704 1705 1718 1722 1723 
    ## 1654 1658 1661 1664 1666 1668 1675 1682 1700 1702 1704 1705 1718 1722 1723 
    ## 1735 1738 1740 1744 1750 1756 1763 1765 1770 1778 1780 1782 1783 1790 1793 
    ## 1735 1738 1740 1744 1750 1756 1763 1765 1770 1778 1780 1782 1783 1790 1793 
    ## 1795 1802 1810 1812 1839 1845 1847 1855 1856 1862 1863 1868 1893 1894 1899 
    ## 1795 1802 1810 1812 1839 1845 1847 1855 1856 1862 1863 1868 1893 1894 1899 
    ## 1902 1907 1908 1915 1925 1928 1934 1940 1958 1970 1979 1985 1989 1990 1996 
    ## 1902 1907 1908 1915 1925 1928 1934 1940 1958 1970 1979 1985 1989 1990 1996 
    ## 2015 2027 2028 2032 2035 2040 2073 2081 2083 2084 2085 2087 2090 2100 2107 
    ## 2015 2027 2028 2032 2035 2040 2073 2081 2083 2084 2085 2087 2090 2100 2107 
    ## 2108 2109 2130 2136 2138 2144 2153 2171 2177 2188 2195 2198 2201 2205 2206 
    ## 2108 2109 2130 2136 2138 2144 2153 2171 2177 2188 2195 2198 2201 2205 2206 
    ## 2207 2218 2224 2235 2245 2249 2252 2255 2262 2267 2269 2273 2276 2277 2285 
    ## 2207 2218 2224 2235 2245 2249 2252 2255 2262 2267 2269 2273 2276 2277 2285 
    ## 2286 2288 2290 2301 2312 2317 2326 2330 2334 2335 2338 2341 2343 2347 2350 
    ## 2286 2288 2290 2301 2312 2317 2326 2330 2334 2335 2338 2341 2343 2347 2350 
    ## 2353 2358 2368 2370 2377 2387 2400 2403 2409 2413 2416 2420 2422 2438 2444 
    ## 2353 2358 2368 2370 2377 2387 2400 2403 2409 2413 2416 2420 2422 2438 2444 
    ## 2450 2457 2468 2471 2472 2474 2475 2478 2479 2484 2486 2496 2505 2506 2510 
    ## 2450 2457 2468 2471 2472 2474 2475 2478 2479 2484 2486 2496 2505 2506 2510 
    ## 2512 2516 2518 2522 2527 2534 2537 2550 2564 2569 2585 2590 2597 2604 2607 
    ## 2512 2516 2518 2522 2527 2534 2537 2550 2564 2569 2585 2590 2597 2604 2607 
    ## 2615 2620 2626 2628 2629 2636 2639 2642 2649 2654 2660 2678 2685 2686 2702 
    ## 2615 2620 2626 2628 2629 2636 2639 2642 2649 2654 2660 2678 2685 2686 2702 
    ## 2715 2717 2720 2721 2723 2728 2738 2743 2744 2746 2747 2749 2756 2779 2780 
    ## 2715 2717 2720 2721 2723 2728 2738 2743 2744 2746 2747 2749 2756 2779 2780 
    ## 2781 2786 2789 2791 2792 2801 2803 2805 2806 2812 2814 2820 2828 2829 2830 
    ## 2781 2786 2789 2791 2792 2801 2803 2805 2806 2812 2814 2820 2828 2829 2830 
    ## 2833 2842 2858 2873 2875 2879 2880 2889 2897 2911 2915 2921 2938 2941 2946 
    ## 2833 2842 2858 2873 2875 2879 2880 2889 2897 2911 2915 2921 2938 2941 2946 
    ## 2947 2952 2958 2962 2966 2969 2985 2994 2995 2998 3004 3012 3015 3017 3023 
    ## 2947 2952 2958 2962 2966 2969 2985 2994 2995 2998 3004 3012 3015 3017 3023 
    ## 3029 3046 3057 3068 3071 3081 3082 3083 3085 3086 3108 3114 3118 3125 3126 
    ## 3029 3046 3057 3068 3071 3081 3082 3083 3085 3086 3108 3114 3118 3125 3126 
    ## 3128 3131 3132 3135 3141 3166 3195 3199 3202 3204 3208 3211 3225 3231 3239 
    ## 3128 3131 3132 3135 3141 3166 3195 3199 3202 3204 3208 3211 3225 3231 3239 
    ## 3240 3241 3245 3253 3254 3256 3268 3274 3285 3293 3296 3315 3316 3319 3320 
    ## 3240 3241 3245 3253 3254 3256 3268 3274 3285 3293 3296 3315 3316 3319 3320 
    ## 3324 3329 3338 3339 3342 3362 3376 3388 3390 3393 3395 3414 3425 3430 3438 
    ## 3324 3329 3338 3339 3342 3362 3376 3388 3390 3393 3395 3414 3425 3430 3438 
    ## 3444 3445 3456 3459 3467 3470 3471 3472 3473 3478 3480 3481 3485 3489 3491 
    ## 3444 3445 3456 3459 3467 3470 3471 3472 3473 3478 3480 3481 3485 3489 3491 
    ## 3496 3507 3516 3519 3522 3528 3535 3541 3548 3551 3557 3559 3564 3566 3572 
    ## 3496 3507 3516 3519 3522 3528 3535 3541 3548 3551 3557 3559 3564 3566 3572 
    ## 3577 3586 3588 3591 3598 3599 3608 3610 3611 3613 3624 3629 3638 3641 3642 
    ## 3577 3586 3588 3591 3598 3599 3608 3610 3611 3613 3624 3629 3638 3641 3642 
    ## 3650 3651 3654 3660 3661 3668 3670 3674 3688 3689 3693 3698 3702 3709 3710 
    ## 3650 3651 3654 3660 3661 3668 3670 3674 3688 3689 3693 3698 3702 3709 3710 
    ## 3720 3727 3741 3745 3746 3752 3753 3757 3759 3773 3781 3793 3796 3805 3812 
    ## 3720 3727 3741 3745 3746 3752 3753 3757 3759 3773 3781 3793 3796 3805 3812 
    ## 3814 3820 3829 3845 3848 3849 3868 3869 3881 3885 3888 3890 3892 3895 3897 
    ## 3814 3820 3829 3845 3848 3849 3868 3869 3881 3885 3888 3890 3892 3895 3897 
    ## 3898 3906 3918 3921 3934 3937 3950 3954 3955 3956 3958 3968 3971 3975 3981 
    ## 3898 3906 3918 3921 3934 3937 3950 3954 3955 3956 3958 3968 3971 3975 3981 
    ## 3993 3999 4000 4003 4012 4018 4022 4025 4035 4049 4051 4070 4072 4077 4088 
    ## 3993 3999 4000 4003 4012 4018 4022 4025 4035 4049 4051 4070 4072 4077 4088 
    ## 4095 4111 4115 4118 4125 4126 4141 4143 4153 4160 4164 4179 4183 4184 4186 
    ## 4095 4111 4115 4118 4125 4126 4141 4143 4153 4160 4164 4179 4183 4184 4186 
    ## 4189 4196 4203 4214 4249 4254 4261 4269 4274 4288 4296 4301 4317 4323 4324 
    ## 4189 4196 4203 4214 4249 4254 4261 4269 4274 4288 4296 4301 4317 4323 4324 
    ## 4326 4328 4329 4336 4341 4344 4346 4347 4350 4351 4362 4363 4366 4372 4373 
    ## 4326 4328 4329 4336 4341 4344 4346 4347 4350 4351 4362 4363 4366 4372 4373 
    ## 4378 4380 4385 4387 4397 4405 4410 4414 4420 4427 4428 4430 4447 4449 4459 
    ## 4378 4380 4385 4387 4397 4405 4410 4414 4420 4427 4428 4430 4447 4449 4459 
    ## 4462 4465 4466 4468 4471 4475 4483 4488 4497 4506 4507 4516 4526 4531 4547 
    ## 4462 4465 4466 4468 4471 4475 4483 4488 4497 4506 4507 4516 4526 4531 4547 
    ## 4552 4555 4559 4571 4579 4586 4593 4594 4597 4601 4604 4614 4617 4622 4636 
    ## 4552 4555 4559 4571 4579 4586 4593 4594 4597 4601 4604 4614 4617 4622 4636 
    ## 4653 4654 4662 4665 4673 4674 4681 4682 4684 4686 4688 4701 4702 4728 4729 
    ## 4653 4654 4662 4665 4673 4674 4681 4682 4684 4686 4688 4701 4702 4728 4729 
    ## 4735 4760 4762 4764 4770 4772 4782 4788 4794 4805 4810 4811 4818 4823 4833 
    ## 4735 4760 4762 4764 4770 4772 4782 4788 4794 4805 4810 4811 4818 4823 4833 
    ## 4834 4839 4846 4848 4858 4860 4866 4870 4879 4892 4895 4904 4905 4906 4907 
    ## 4834 4839 4846 4848 4858 4860 4866 4870 4879 4892 4895 4904 4905 4906 4907 
    ## 4908 4910 4918 4920 4929 4947 4951 4959 4961 4966 4968 4983 4985 4988 4991 
    ## 4908 4910 4918 4920 4929 4947 4951 4959 4961 4966 4968 4983 4985 4988 4991 
    ## 4996 4999 5001 5003 5007 5011 5015 5021 5022 5023 5032 5048 5050 5055 5059 
    ## 4996 4999 5001 5003 5007 5011 5015 5021 5022 5023 5032 5048 5050 5055 5059 
    ## 5072 5088 5114 5116 5119 5123 5139 5145 5152 5158 5160 5164 5166 5171 5175 
    ## 5072 5088 5114 5116 5119 5123 5139 5145 5152 5158 5160 5164 5166 5171 5175 
    ## 5182 5190 5197 5205 5213 5223 5233 5238 5239 5246 5249 5258 5264 5265 5268 
    ## 5182 5190 5197 5205 5213 5223 5233 5238 5239 5246 5249 5258 5264 5265 5268 
    ## 5269 5279 5280 5282 5284 5287 5308 5309 5313 5317 5324 5333 5335 5343 5353 
    ## 5269 5279 5280 5282 5284 5287 5308 5309 5313 5317 5324 5333 5335 5343 5353 
    ## 5359 5360 5367 5370 5379 5385 5386 5388 5395 5401 5404 5406 5407 5412 5413 
    ## 5359 5360 5367 5370 5379 5385 5386 5388 5395 5401 5404 5406 5407 5412 5413 
    ## 5421 5423 5425 5437 5439 5440 5445 5450 5468 5469 5470 5483 5493 5497 5500 
    ## 5421 5423 5425 5437 5439 5440 5445 5450 5468 5469 5470 5483 5493 5497 5500 
    ## 5508 5509 5513 5521 5525 5531 5539 5543 5547 5548 5549 5550 5553 5555 5563 
    ## 5508 5509 5513 5521 5525 5531 5539 5543 5547 5548 5549 5550 5553 5555 5563 
    ## 5564 5570 5578 5588 5592 5595 5600 5602 5603 5619 5627 5629 5633 5637 5644 
    ## 5564 5570 5578 5588 5592 5595 5600 5602 5603 5619 5627 5629 5633 5637 5644 
    ## 5650 5651 5656 5670 5673 5677 5682 5689 5692 5695 5698 5708 5709 5728 5738 
    ## 5650 5651 5656 5670 5673 5677 5682 5689 5692 5695 5698 5708 5709 5728 5738 
    ## 5743 5752 5757 5758 5760 5766 5774 5786 5794 5796 5798 5809 5811 5819 5821 
    ## 5743 5752 5757 5758 5760 5766 5774 5786 5794 5796 5798 5809 5811 5819 5821 
    ## 5822 5837 5839 5850 5854 5855 5856 5860 5861 5887 5897 5899 5914 5930 5936 
    ## 5822 5837 5839 5850 5854 5855 5856 5860 5861 5887 5897 5899 5914 5930 5936 
    ## 5943 5946 5948 5953 5957 5967 5977 5992 5999 6006 6007 6016 6035 6039 6042 
    ## 5943 5946 5948 5953 5957 5967 5977 5992 5999 6006 6007 6016 6035 6039 6042 
    ## 6045 6048 6050 6051 6052 6058 6060 6076 6081 6082 6083 6084 6085 6093 6109 
    ## 6045 6048 6050 6051 6052 6058 6060 6076 6081 6082 6083 6084 6085 6093 6109 
    ## 6111 6122 6126 6127 6131 6134 6137 6144 6145 6152 6155 6156 6159 6160 6165 
    ## 6111 6122 6126 6127 6131 6134 6137 6144 6145 6152 6155 6156 6159 6160 6165 
    ## 6172 6187 6200 6218 6221 6240 6244 6246 6254 6269 6272 6278 6291 6305 6311 
    ## 6172 6187 6200 6218 6221 6240 6244 6246 6254 6269 6272 6278 6291 6305 6311 
    ## 6318 6319 6332 6339 6348 6350 6358 6365 6369 6378 6380 6381 6386 6404 6415 
    ## 6318 6319 6332 6339 6348 6350 6358 6365 6369 6378 6380 6381 6386 6404 6415 
    ## 6422 6428 6451 6456 6460 6462 6466 6470 6473 6486 6501 6505 6517 6520 6521 
    ## 6422 6428 6451 6456 6460 6462 6466 6470 6473 6486 6501 6505 6517 6520 6521 
    ## 6523 6536 6545 6551 6559 6561 6570 6572 6597 6603 6616 6618 6625 6635 6641 
    ## 6523 6536 6545 6551 6559 6561 6570 6572 6597 6603 6616 6618 6625 6635 6641 
    ## 6645 6654 6660 6666 6673 6675 6678 6695 6699 6703 6708 6709 6710 6718 6719 
    ## 6645 6654 6660 6666 6673 6675 6678 6695 6699 6703 6708 6709 6710 6718 6719 
    ## 6729 6736 6747 6748 6773 6777 6778 6787 6797 6802 6807 6811 6840 6846 6851 
    ## 6729 6736 6747 6748 6773 6777 6778 6787 6797 6802 6807 6811 6840 6846 6851 
    ## 6859 6863 6865 6866 6868 6871 6884 6898 6902 6906 6916 6920 6927 6932 6936 
    ## 6859 6863 6865 6866 6868 6871 6884 6898 6902 6906 6916 6920 6927 6932 6936 
    ## 6940 6943 6948 6958 6960 6962 6964 6965 6966 6974 6981 6986 6990 6991 6995 
    ## 6940 6943 6948 6958 6960 6962 6964 6965 6966 6974 6981 6986 6990 6991 6995 
    ## 7004 7008 7012 7016 7023 7030 7039 7040 7041 7051 7054 7057 7080 7081 7085 
    ## 7004 7008 7012 7016 7023 7030 7039 7040 7041 7051 7054 7057 7080 7081 7085 
    ## 7093 7102 7108 7110 7120 7121 7124 7127 7129 7132 7136 7139 7140 7141 7146 
    ## 7093 7102 7108 7110 7120 7121 7124 7127 7129 7132 7136 7139 7140 7141 7146 
    ## 7148 7154 7155 7158 7166 7172 7180 7181 7182 7185 7187 7189 7198 7200 7207 
    ## 7148 7154 7155 7158 7166 7172 7180 7181 7182 7185 7187 7189 7198 7200 7207 
    ## 7215 7219 7220 7222 7223 7226 7236 7241 7251 7254 7281 7307 7310 7315 7316 
    ## 7215 7219 7220 7222 7223 7226 7236 7241 7251 7254 7281 7307 7310 7315 7316 
    ## 7325 7329 7331 7334 7344 7349 7352 7353 7366 7369 7381 7386 7389 7391 7408 
    ## 7325 7329 7331 7334 7344 7349 7352 7353 7366 7369 7381 7386 7389 7391 7408 
    ## 7415 7424 7426 7439 7442 7453 7455 7456 7462 7469 7479 7480 7484 7490 7491 
    ## 7415 7424 7426 7439 7442 7453 7455 7456 7462 7469 7479 7480 7484 7490 7491 
    ## 7496 7501 7507 7515 7518 7519 7535 7538 7539 7549 7559 7562 7564 7565 7571 
    ## 7496 7501 7507 7515 7518 7519 7535 7538 7539 7549 7559 7562 7564 7565 7571 
    ## 7572 7575 7587 7590 7591 7596 7600 7604 7605 7606 7607 7625 7628 7632 7646 
    ## 7572 7575 7587 7590 7591 7596 7600 7604 7605 7606 7607 7625 7628 7632 7646 
    ## 7649 7664 7676 7682 7683 7686 7692 7693 7722 7758 7770 7778 7784 7791 7806 
    ## 7649 7664 7676 7682 7683 7686 7692 7693 7722 7758 7770 7778 7784 7791 7806 
    ## 7809 7815 7816 7823 7824 7829 7876 7879 
    ## 7809 7815 7816 7823 7824 7829 7876 7879

    which(clust1$cluster == 5)

    ##   37   46   87  134  148  185  226  280  325  436  484  491  496  563  598 
    ##   37   46   87  134  148  185  226  280  325  436  484  491  496  563  598 
    ##  626  645  655  711  788  795  798  808  813  824  837  852  998 1029 1145 
    ##  626  645  655  711  788  795  798  808  813  824  837  852  998 1029 1145 
    ## 1181 1221 1249 1255 1273 1282 1429 1468 1476 1484 1488 1495 1499 1517 1521 
    ## 1181 1221 1249 1255 1273 1282 1429 1468 1476 1484 1488 1495 1499 1517 1521 
    ## 1539 1567 1582 1628 1632 1636 1693 1697 1715 1766 1788 1811 1830 1848 1887 
    ## 1539 1567 1582 1628 1632 1636 1693 1697 1715 1766 1788 1811 1830 1848 1887 
    ## 1895 1914 1935 1954 1961 1974 1988 1991 2012 2026 2031 2043 2054 2134 2165 
    ## 1895 1914 1935 1954 1961 1974 1988 1991 2012 2026 2031 2043 2054 2134 2165 
    ## 2189 2279 2291 2300 2323 2364 2366 2374 2385 2393 2455 2500 2508 2531 2551 
    ## 2189 2279 2291 2300 2323 2364 2366 2374 2385 2393 2455 2500 2508 2531 2551 
    ## 2566 2586 2591 2592 2595 2713 2800 2815 2817 2823 2827 2836 2859 2988 3014 
    ## 2566 2586 2591 2592 2595 2713 2800 2815 2817 2823 2827 2836 2859 2988 3014 
    ## 3087 3099 3117 3123 3136 3143 3152 3153 3161 3164 3174 3175 3189 3197 3263 
    ## 3087 3099 3117 3123 3136 3143 3152 3153 3161 3164 3174 3175 3189 3197 3263 
    ## 3282 3307 3325 3332 3345 3349 3367 3400 3428 3432 3443 3447 3468 3505 3513 
    ## 3282 3307 3325 3332 3345 3349 3367 3400 3428 3432 3443 3447 3468 3505 3513 
    ## 3621 3633 3669 3682 3694 3713 3714 3740 3807 3809 3822 3856 3894 3936 3963 
    ## 3621 3633 3669 3682 3694 3713 3714 3740 3807 3809 3822 3856 3894 3936 3963 
    ## 3965 3973 4011 4024 4055 4059 4128 4147 4149 4171 4212 4223 4231 4250 4264 
    ## 3965 3973 4011 4024 4055 4059 4128 4147 4149 4171 4212 4223 4231 4250 4264 
    ## 4298 4370 4415 4445 4463 4485 4503 4556 4562 4651 4675 4745 4751 4792 4842 
    ## 4298 4370 4415 4445 4463 4485 4503 4556 4562 4651 4675 4745 4751 4792 4842 
    ## 4891 4984 5004 5020 5027 5066 5068 5070 5074 5169 5178 5211 5229 5248 5271 
    ## 4891 4984 5004 5020 5027 5066 5068 5070 5074 5169 5178 5211 5229 5248 5271 
    ## 5276 5286 5362 5414 5452 5458 5532 5554 5599 5622 5625 5626 5683 5685 5693 
    ## 5276 5286 5362 5414 5452 5458 5532 5554 5599 5622 5625 5626 5683 5685 5693 
    ## 5790 5845 5878 5952 5975 6047 6100 6129 6292 6300 6304 6351 6353 6397 6484 
    ## 5790 5845 5878 5952 5975 6047 6100 6129 6292 6300 6304 6351 6353 6397 6484 
    ## 6498 6508 6509 6511 6535 6573 6574 6619 6620 6621 6626 6657 6680 6737 6745 
    ## 6498 6508 6509 6511 6535 6573 6574 6619 6620 6621 6626 6657 6680 6737 6745 
    ## 6755 6834 6921 6997 7014 7087 7131 7138 7142 7248 7274 7300 7302 7394 7396 
    ## 6755 6834 6921 6997 7014 7087 7131 7138 7142 7248 7274 7300 7302 7394 7396 
    ## 7447 7451 7523 7561 7577 7623 7637 7641 7666 7698 7728 7750 7764 7771 7772 
    ## 7447 7451 7523 7561 7577 7623 7637 7641 7666 7698 7728 7750 7764 7771 7772 
    ## 7845 
    ## 7845

    # A few plots with cluster membership shown
    # qplot is in the ggplot2 library

    # Attributes:"chatter","photo_sharing","tv_film","beauty","dating","personal_fitness","fashion"

    # Audience who love to chat and share photos
    qplot(chatter, photo_sharing, data=social_marketing, color=factor(clust1$cluster)) +
      labs(title = "Audience love chatter and photo_sharing")

![](Answer_files/figure-markdown_strict/unnamed-chunk-23-1.png)

    # Audience who are like to focus on beauty and fashion - beauty type 1
    qplot(beauty, fashion, data=social_marketing, color=factor(clust1$cluster)) +
      labs(title = "Audience love beauty and fashion")

![](Answer_files/figure-markdown_strict/unnamed-chunk-23-2.png)

    # Audience who like to focus on beauty also on fitness - beauty type 2
    qplot(photo_sharing, tv_film, data=social_marketing, color=factor(clust1$cluster))+
      labs(title = "Audience love photo_sharing and tv_film")

![](Answer_files/figure-markdown_strict/unnamed-chunk-23-3.png)

In part(b), what we did is we first targeted all the potential ‘girls’
with the
attributes:“chatter”,“photo\_sharing”,“tv\_film”,“beauty”,“dating”,“personal\_fitness”,“fashion”.
After we segment these attributes user from the original dataset, we
used the k-elbow and the CH-index to determine what is the best
k(clusters) to use for later clustering. However, the k-elbow and
ch-index is not in harmony, we have to estimate our by our best
approximate equal to 10.

Then after we scaled our new girl dateset and clustered it by group
their correlated interests, below are the interesting market segments
that appear to stand out:

By speicifc the attributes to three combinations:

1.  (chatter, photo\_sharing), we can find all the user who addicted to
    chat via internet. By observing the plot “Audience love chatter and
    photo\_sharing”, the X-AXIS represents the degree of chatter, the
    Y-AXIS represents the degree of photo\_sharing. Therefore, the high
    value brown dots(factor2) represent the stand-out audience that fits
    into our combination 1. They are the most active users in
    NutrientH20 follower list. For the future, if NutrientH20 has some
    events or party, they will be very likely to participate in.

2.  (beauty, fashion), we can find all users who are potentially willing
    to spend more on cosmetic. By observing the plot “Audience love
    beauty and fashion”, the X-AXIS represents the degree of beauty, the
    Y-AXIS represents the degree of fashion. Therefore, the high value
    deep green dots(factor3) represent the stand-out audience that fits
    into our combination 2. They are the potential users that willing to
    pay most for beauty and fashion items in NutrientH20 follower list.
    For the future, if NutrientH20 have new beauty and fashion items
    that want to sell, it would be high-rewarded if the company send
    these users about the new product message in the first place.

3.  (photo\_sharing, tv\_film), we can find all users who are Movie
    enthusiast. By observing the plot “Audience love photo\_sharing and
    tv\_film”, the X-AXIS represents the degree of photo\_sharing, the
    Y-AXIS represents the degree of tv\_film. Therefore, the high value
    light blue dots(factor7) represent the stand-out audience that fits
    into our combination 3. They are the potential users that willing to
    pay most for new tv/movies and related movie items in NutrientH20
    follower list. For the future, if NutrientH20 have new tv/movies
    related items that want to sell, it would be best if the company
    send these users about the new product message in the first place.

try2 = student athelete

“sports\_fandom”,“food”,“health\_nutrition”,“sports\_playing”,“outdoors”,“personal\_fitness”

    athelete_col =  c("sports_fandom","food","health_nutrition","sports_playing","outdoors","personal_fitness")
    try2 = social_marketing[athelete_col]

    try2 = scale(try2)

    #k elbow
    library(foreach)
    k_grid = seq(2, 20, by=1)
    SSE_grid = foreach(k = k_grid, .combine='c') %do% {
      cluster_k = kmeans(try2, k, nstart=50)
      cluster_k$tot.withinss
    }

    ## Warning: did not converge in 10 iterations

    ## Warning: did not converge in 10 iterations

    ## Warning: did not converge in 10 iterations

    ## Warning: did not converge in 10 iterations

    ## Warning: did not converge in 10 iterations

    ## Warning: did not converge in 10 iterations

    ## Warning: did not converge in 10 iterations

    ## Warning: did not converge in 10 iterations

    ## Warning: did not converge in 10 iterations

    ## Warning: did not converge in 10 iterations

    ## Warning: did not converge in 10 iterations

    plot(k_grid, SSE_grid)

![](Answer_files/figure-markdown_strict/unnamed-chunk-25-1.png)

    # CH index
    N = nrow(try2)
    k_grid = seq(2, 20, by=1)
    CH_grid = foreach(k = k_grid, .combine='c') %do% {
      cluster_k = kmeans(cars, k, nstart=50)
      W = cluster_k$tot.withinss
      B = cluster_k$betweenss
      CH = (B/W)*((N-k)/(k-1))
      CH
    }

    plot(k_grid, CH_grid)

![](Answer_files/figure-markdown_strict/unnamed-chunk-25-2.png)

    # From above two plots, k = 10 prob a good estimate 

    # Center and scale the data
    try2 = social_marketing[athelete_col]
    try2 = scale(try2, center=TRUE, scale=TRUE)

    # Extract the centers and scales from the rescaled data (which are named attributes)
    mu = attr(try2,"scaled:center")
    sigma = attr(try2,"scaled:scale")

    # Run k-means with 10 clusters and 25 starts
    clust1 = kmeans(try2, 10, nstart=25)


    # What are the clusters?
    clust1$center  # not super helpful

    ##    sports_fandom        food health_nutrition sports_playing     outdoors
    ## 1   -0.105746097  0.03980978       0.52965908    -0.05321166  1.795937781
    ## 2    1.374685350  0.02225422      -0.40816851    -0.28572677 -0.157887994
    ## 3    3.368751596  2.77848935      -0.04017325     0.28604090 -0.001653788
    ## 4   -0.362137206 -0.05991746       1.09962458    -0.26868213  0.082418334
    ## 5    0.088295113  1.03086515       3.41555096     0.25309461  3.837492159
    ## 6   -0.100120480  0.53555934       2.43572610     0.15722466  1.246172399
    ## 7   -0.361101129 -0.40968310      -0.41433613     0.64093732 -0.364388986
    ## 8    0.002190926 -0.03672061      -0.23004745     3.22344092 -0.118373676
    ## 9   -0.424397783 -0.46829083      -0.44358749    -0.65521966 -0.413713627
    ## 10   0.636513878  1.71187657      -0.33032322    -0.10745762 -0.198997964
    ##    personal_fitness
    ## 1        0.38073388
    ## 2       -0.38970870
    ## 3        0.03972792
    ## 4        1.09843606
    ## 5        3.06554222
    ## 6        2.61204889
    ## 7       -0.41222949
    ## 8       -0.20253405
    ## 9       -0.44215743
    ## 10      -0.30556824

    clust1$center[1,]*sigma + mu

    ##    sports_fandom             food health_nutrition   sports_playing 
    ##         1.365503         1.468172         4.948665         0.587269 
    ##         outdoors personal_fitness 
    ##         2.954825         2.377823

    clust1$center[2,]*sigma + mu

    ##    sports_fandom             food health_nutrition   sports_playing 
    ##        4.5645933        1.4370016        0.7320574        0.3604466 
    ##         outdoors personal_fitness 
    ##        0.5917065        0.5247209

    clust1$center[4,]*sigma + mu

    ##    sports_fandom             food health_nutrition   sports_playing 
    ##        0.8114630        1.2911011        7.5113122        0.3770739 
    ##         outdoors personal_fitness 
    ##        0.8823529        4.1040724

    # Which cars are in which clusters?
    summary(clust1)

    ##              Length Class  Mode   
    ## cluster      7882   -none- numeric
    ## centers        60   -none- numeric
    ## totss           1   -none- numeric
    ## withinss       10   -none- numeric
    ## tot.withinss    1   -none- numeric
    ## betweenss       1   -none- numeric
    ## size           10   -none- numeric
    ## iter            1   -none- numeric
    ## ifault          1   -none- numeric

    which(clust1$cluster == 1)

    ##   49   50   87   88   92   93   95  119  129  137  151  156  192  201  203 
    ##   49   50   87   88   92   93   95  119  129  137  151  156  192  201  203 
    ##  206  219  249  250  257  264  333  339  359  367  375  376  387  392  452 
    ##  206  219  249  250  257  264  333  339  359  367  375  376  387  392  452 
    ##  473  504  526  532  535  566  591  613  629  668  690  697  701  702  706 
    ##  473  504  526  532  535  566  591  613  629  668  690  697  701  702  706 
    ##  709  716  717  729  733  761  774  781  788  801  835  839  871  881  907 
    ##  709  716  717  729  733  761  774  781  788  801  835  839  871  881  907 
    ##  921  930  952  972  974  985  987 1009 1025 1030 1037 1056 1059 1060 1065 
    ##  921  930  952  972  974  985  987 1009 1025 1030 1037 1056 1059 1060 1065 
    ## 1074 1132 1140 1157 1158 1190 1201 1207 1218 1220 1221 1224 1258 1267 1275 
    ## 1074 1132 1140 1157 1158 1190 1201 1207 1218 1220 1221 1224 1258 1267 1275 
    ## 1291 1292 1322 1425 1434 1439 1440 1442 1453 1469 1479 1498 1505 1511 1522 
    ## 1291 1292 1322 1425 1434 1439 1440 1442 1453 1469 1479 1498 1505 1511 1522 
    ## 1532 1541 1545 1547 1581 1631 1641 1649 1656 1666 1677 1680 1699 1710 1745 
    ## 1532 1541 1545 1547 1581 1631 1641 1649 1656 1666 1677 1680 1699 1710 1745 
    ## 1807 1816 1840 1845 1872 1918 1948 1951 1953 1976 1998 2000 2004 2043 2078 
    ## 1807 1816 1840 1845 1872 1918 1948 1951 1953 1976 1998 2000 2004 2043 2078 
    ## 2079 2092 2094 2097 2126 2127 2143 2168 2195 2211 2212 2214 2230 2274 2278 
    ## 2079 2092 2094 2097 2126 2127 2143 2168 2195 2211 2212 2214 2230 2274 2278 
    ## 2294 2337 2342 2352 2382 2424 2433 2446 2448 2464 2473 2524 2526 2529 2546 
    ## 2294 2337 2342 2352 2382 2424 2433 2446 2448 2464 2473 2524 2526 2529 2546 
    ## 2549 2550 2558 2611 2623 2632 2635 2686 2693 2714 2721 2731 2732 2734 2735 
    ## 2549 2550 2558 2611 2623 2632 2635 2686 2693 2714 2721 2731 2732 2734 2735 
    ## 2742 2764 2784 2789 2828 2845 2847 2864 2869 2881 2897 2921 2935 2983 3030 
    ## 2742 2764 2784 2789 2828 2845 2847 2864 2869 2881 2897 2921 2935 2983 3030 
    ## 3035 3042 3054 3072 3116 3127 3169 3172 3180 3185 3196 3246 3262 3265 3287 
    ## 3035 3042 3054 3072 3116 3127 3169 3172 3180 3185 3196 3246 3262 3265 3287 
    ## 3292 3322 3325 3351 3359 3379 3388 3401 3423 3509 3513 3534 3555 3581 3585 
    ## 3292 3322 3325 3351 3359 3379 3388 3401 3423 3509 3513 3534 3555 3581 3585 
    ## 3615 3622 3631 3635 3645 3652 3663 3699 3707 3726 3761 3783 3785 3837 3866 
    ## 3615 3622 3631 3635 3645 3652 3663 3699 3707 3726 3761 3783 3785 3837 3866 
    ## 3902 3956 3958 3988 4027 4042 4048 4065 4074 4076 4078 4087 4116 4131 4173 
    ## 3902 3956 3958 3988 4027 4042 4048 4065 4074 4076 4078 4087 4116 4131 4173 
    ## 4214 4216 4222 4226 4230 4254 4255 4283 4305 4310 4319 4324 4344 4358 4389 
    ## 4214 4216 4222 4226 4230 4254 4255 4283 4305 4310 4319 4324 4344 4358 4389 
    ## 4461 4478 4492 4505 4511 4525 4530 4536 4581 4586 4590 4608 4626 4636 4639 
    ## 4461 4478 4492 4505 4511 4525 4530 4536 4581 4586 4590 4608 4626 4636 4639 
    ## 4644 4655 4661 4670 4672 4674 4712 4719 4740 4741 4746 4757 4802 4804 4817 
    ## 4644 4655 4661 4670 4672 4674 4712 4719 4740 4741 4746 4757 4802 4804 4817 
    ## 4840 4866 4874 4911 4928 4951 4953 4954 4958 4969 4988 4989 4991 5015 5056 
    ## 4840 4866 4874 4911 4928 4951 4953 4954 4958 4969 4988 4989 4991 5015 5056 
    ## 5074 5077 5093 5094 5097 5108 5120 5146 5185 5199 5207 5215 5220 5223 5228 
    ## 5074 5077 5093 5094 5097 5108 5120 5146 5185 5199 5207 5215 5220 5223 5228 
    ## 5230 5236 5243 5317 5318 5340 5342 5345 5388 5460 5477 5482 5489 5520 5543 
    ## 5230 5236 5243 5317 5318 5340 5342 5345 5388 5460 5477 5482 5489 5520 5543 
    ## 5545 5551 5559 5571 5583 5588 5621 5623 5626 5628 5632 5642 5655 5659 5690 
    ## 5545 5551 5559 5571 5583 5588 5621 5623 5626 5628 5632 5642 5655 5659 5690 
    ## 5692 5696 5753 5776 5777 5785 5790 5792 5795 5797 5799 5805 5822 5845 5864 
    ## 5692 5696 5753 5776 5777 5785 5790 5792 5795 5797 5799 5805 5822 5845 5864 
    ## 5890 5913 5915 5931 5941 5942 5968 5974 5984 5990 6025 6034 6035 6054 6056 
    ## 5890 5913 5915 5931 5941 5942 5968 5974 5984 5990 6025 6034 6035 6054 6056 
    ## 6065 6134 6146 6163 6169 6224 6245 6325 6331 6354 6368 6417 6419 6421 6448 
    ## 6065 6134 6146 6163 6169 6224 6245 6325 6331 6354 6368 6417 6419 6421 6448 
    ## 6449 6451 6465 6472 6476 6490 6518 6531 6547 6561 6572 6655 6696 6712 6748 
    ## 6449 6451 6465 6472 6476 6490 6518 6531 6547 6561 6572 6655 6696 6712 6748 
    ## 6809 6834 6845 6849 6854 6855 6858 6861 6945 6947 6956 6957 6958 6959 6985 
    ## 6809 6834 6845 6849 6854 6855 6858 6861 6945 6947 6956 6957 6958 6959 6985 
    ## 7074 7084 7122 7146 7153 7166 7189 7240 7253 7263 7266 7287 7288 7296 7301 
    ## 7074 7084 7122 7146 7153 7166 7189 7240 7253 7263 7266 7287 7288 7296 7301 
    ## 7308 7330 7341 7373 7375 7381 7386 7403 7410 7425 7453 7462 7485 7537 7571 
    ## 7308 7330 7341 7373 7375 7381 7386 7403 7410 7425 7453 7462 7485 7537 7571 
    ## 7576 7590 7635 7643 7656 7669 7678 7698 7706 7709 7713 7729 7733 7744 7801 
    ## 7576 7590 7635 7643 7656 7669 7678 7698 7706 7709 7713 7729 7733 7744 7801 
    ## 7803 7805 7807 7827 7872 7880 7882 
    ## 7803 7805 7807 7827 7872 7880 7882

    which(clust1$cluster == 2)

    ##    2   11   37   54   62   66   72   75  116  132  149  155  168  183  188 
    ##    2   11   37   54   62   66   72   75  116  132  149  155  168  183  188 
    ##  191  208  217  229  242  247  298  323  348  382  396  397  415  453  459 
    ##  191  208  217  229  242  247  298  323  348  382  396  397  415  453  459 
    ##  477  483  488  489  492  493  497  500  501  502  519  528  545  588  615 
    ##  477  483  488  489  492  493  497  500  501  502  519  528  545  588  615 
    ##  625  626  632  634  647  661  698  699  721  739  758  760  764  772  785 
    ##  625  626  632  634  647  661  698  699  721  739  758  760  764  772  785 
    ##  786  787  792  799  811  846  860  861  894  895  904  924  940  944  953 
    ##  786  787  792  799  811  846  860  861  894  895  904  924  940  944  953 
    ##  956  968  984  998  999 1011 1016 1024 1042 1055 1072 1089 1114 1123 1130 
    ##  956  968  984  998  999 1011 1016 1024 1042 1055 1072 1089 1114 1123 1130 
    ## 1135 1138 1141 1170 1230 1243 1248 1252 1274 1277 1281 1295 1324 1325 1328 
    ## 1135 1138 1141 1170 1230 1243 1248 1252 1274 1277 1281 1295 1324 1325 1328 
    ## 1351 1369 1381 1391 1394 1397 1399 1406 1408 1435 1437 1444 1452 1495 1523 
    ## 1351 1369 1381 1391 1394 1397 1399 1406 1408 1435 1437 1444 1452 1495 1523 
    ## 1560 1561 1572 1578 1609 1618 1654 1665 1669 1682 1698 1700 1706 1721 1729 
    ## 1560 1561 1572 1578 1609 1618 1654 1665 1669 1682 1698 1700 1706 1721 1729 
    ## 1737 1746 1768 1782 1783 1785 1794 1800 1812 1829 1846 1868 1879 1884 1885 
    ## 1737 1746 1768 1782 1783 1785 1794 1800 1812 1829 1846 1868 1879 1884 1885 
    ## 1892 1909 1916 1927 1935 1949 1956 1971 1973 1978 1990 1999 2023 2026 2033 
    ## 1892 1909 1916 1927 1935 1949 1956 1971 1973 1978 1990 1999 2023 2026 2033 
    ## 2045 2063 2069 2074 2100 2104 2117 2130 2163 2171 2175 2192 2196 2202 2207 
    ## 2045 2063 2069 2074 2100 2104 2117 2130 2163 2171 2175 2192 2196 2202 2207 
    ## 2219 2242 2260 2261 2322 2324 2348 2351 2369 2376 2377 2381 2384 2406 2430 
    ## 2219 2242 2260 2261 2322 2324 2348 2351 2369 2376 2377 2381 2384 2406 2430 
    ## 2432 2469 2477 2495 2498 2519 2530 2540 2557 2576 2677 2692 2699 2716 2717 
    ## 2432 2469 2477 2495 2498 2519 2530 2540 2557 2576 2677 2692 2699 2716 2717 
    ## 2727 2736 2739 2749 2750 2758 2773 2777 2783 2802 2804 2844 2861 2865 2876 
    ## 2727 2736 2739 2749 2750 2758 2773 2777 2783 2802 2804 2844 2861 2865 2876 
    ## 2893 2894 2902 2903 2930 2931 2933 2938 2967 2975 2977 2989 3003 3017 3022 
    ## 2893 2894 2902 2903 2930 2931 2933 2938 2967 2975 2977 2989 3003 3017 3022 
    ## 3029 3062 3066 3069 3089 3143 3158 3164 3165 3179 3184 3188 3190 3191 3192 
    ## 3029 3062 3066 3069 3089 3143 3158 3164 3165 3179 3184 3188 3190 3191 3192 
    ## 3195 3211 3213 3218 3220 3226 3240 3247 3252 3269 3272 3273 3274 3281 3293 
    ## 3195 3211 3213 3218 3220 3226 3240 3247 3252 3269 3272 3273 3274 3281 3293 
    ## 3300 3305 3320 3324 3347 3354 3356 3374 3394 3395 3405 3417 3425 3441 3444 
    ## 3300 3305 3320 3324 3347 3354 3356 3374 3394 3395 3405 3417 3425 3441 3444 
    ## 3451 3464 3511 3518 3536 3543 3562 3568 3569 3579 3596 3632 3651 3659 3684 
    ## 3451 3464 3511 3518 3536 3543 3562 3568 3569 3579 3596 3632 3651 3659 3684 
    ## 3686 3710 3712 3752 3759 3765 3766 3767 3771 3774 3776 3779 3784 3802 3804 
    ## 3686 3710 3712 3752 3759 3765 3766 3767 3771 3774 3776 3779 3784 3802 3804 
    ## 3851 3869 3883 3887 3914 3916 3917 3924 3928 3937 3944 3954 3986 3994 4001 
    ## 3851 3869 3883 3887 3914 3916 3917 3924 3928 3937 3944 3954 3986 3994 4001 
    ## 4005 4006 4009 4015 4018 4019 4024 4025 4031 4035 4079 4101 4125 4126 4127 
    ## 4005 4006 4009 4015 4018 4019 4024 4025 4031 4035 4079 4101 4125 4126 4127 
    ## 4148 4151 4162 4171 4185 4187 4205 4210 4257 4281 4284 4301 4317 4318 4327 
    ## 4148 4151 4162 4171 4185 4187 4205 4210 4257 4281 4284 4301 4317 4318 4327 
    ## 4406 4409 4416 4422 4424 4436 4453 4521 4531 4564 4565 4573 4601 4632 4645 
    ## 4406 4409 4416 4422 4424 4436 4453 4521 4531 4564 4565 4573 4601 4632 4645 
    ## 4648 4669 4684 4717 4725 4750 4755 4758 4779 4781 4785 4795 4797 4821 4849 
    ## 4648 4669 4684 4717 4725 4750 4755 4758 4779 4781 4785 4795 4797 4821 4849 
    ## 4863 4868 4870 4871 4875 4901 4925 4927 4932 4942 4959 4964 4967 5000 5006 
    ## 4863 4868 4870 4871 4875 4901 4925 4927 4932 4942 4959 4964 4967 5000 5006 
    ## 5022 5025 5030 5048 5054 5059 5061 5089 5103 5133 5138 5139 5149 5153 5156 
    ## 5022 5025 5030 5048 5054 5059 5061 5089 5103 5133 5138 5139 5149 5153 5156 
    ## 5177 5184 5218 5298 5306 5311 5314 5323 5326 5341 5364 5481 5498 5535 5536 
    ## 5177 5184 5218 5298 5306 5311 5314 5323 5326 5341 5364 5481 5498 5535 5536 
    ## 5539 5547 5548 5560 5582 5595 5600 5603 5609 5616 5634 5645 5671 5673 5677 
    ## 5539 5547 5548 5560 5582 5595 5600 5603 5609 5616 5634 5645 5671 5673 5677 
    ## 5699 5700 5712 5720 5734 5736 5741 5757 5766 5768 5774 5783 5847 5855 5856 
    ## 5699 5700 5712 5720 5734 5736 5741 5757 5766 5768 5774 5783 5847 5855 5856 
    ## 5870 5889 5900 5908 5930 5936 5953 5961 5975 5980 5985 5991 5993 6008 6010 
    ## 5870 5889 5900 5908 5930 5936 5953 5961 5975 5980 5985 5991 5993 6008 6010 
    ## 6020 6023 6037 6048 6050 6078 6095 6097 6102 6126 6182 6205 6210 6221 6248 
    ## 6020 6023 6037 6048 6050 6078 6095 6097 6102 6126 6182 6205 6210 6221 6248 
    ## 6262 6263 6266 6272 6279 6287 6304 6307 6330 6332 6348 6352 6366 6369 6375 
    ## 6262 6263 6266 6272 6279 6287 6304 6307 6330 6332 6348 6352 6366 6369 6375 
    ## 6415 6418 6424 6429 6437 6453 6461 6470 6484 6489 6496 6502 6551 6604 6611 
    ## 6415 6418 6424 6429 6437 6453 6461 6470 6484 6489 6496 6502 6551 6604 6611 
    ## 6623 6624 6625 6635 6657 6663 6676 6683 6689 6699 6726 6731 6733 6753 6776 
    ## 6623 6624 6625 6635 6657 6663 6676 6683 6689 6699 6726 6731 6733 6753 6776 
    ## 6780 6792 6801 6808 6837 6848 6850 6877 6889 6896 6900 6903 6905 6911 6920 
    ## 6780 6792 6801 6808 6837 6848 6850 6877 6889 6896 6900 6903 6905 6911 6920 
    ## 6921 6962 6972 6975 6991 7006 7034 7041 7046 7048 7054 7070 7094 7163 7194 
    ## 6921 6962 6972 6975 6991 7006 7034 7041 7046 7048 7054 7070 7094 7163 7194 
    ## 7203 7222 7237 7242 7247 7332 7338 7339 7346 7347 7376 7380 7418 7429 7463 
    ## 7203 7222 7237 7242 7247 7332 7338 7339 7346 7347 7376 7380 7418 7429 7463 
    ## 7469 7483 7491 7508 7531 7535 7539 7547 7551 7569 7608 7618 7619 7623 7624 
    ## 7469 7483 7491 7508 7531 7535 7539 7547 7551 7569 7608 7618 7619 7623 7624 
    ## 7629 7631 7636 7637 7646 7648 7654 7674 7682 7694 7696 7697 7701 7702 7704 
    ## 7629 7631 7636 7637 7646 7648 7654 7674 7682 7694 7696 7697 7701 7702 7704 
    ## 7710 7743 7765 7776 7782 7804 7829 7838 7849 7853 7869 7877 
    ## 7710 7743 7765 7776 7782 7804 7829 7838 7849 7853 7869 7877

    which(clust1$cluster == 3)

    ##   10   34   48  115  232  235  238  274  287  299  305  352  357  362  368 
    ##   10   34   48  115  232  235  238  274  287  299  305  352  357  362  368 
    ##  372  384  458  499  515  530  533  539  540  544  567  642  650  684  705 
    ##  372  384  458  499  515  530  533  539  540  544  567  642  650  684  705 
    ##  734  742  790  806  810  829  883  888  919  971 1003 1012 1019 1050 1066 
    ##  734  742  790  806  810  829  883  888  919  971 1003 1012 1019 1050 1066 
    ## 1093 1106 1142 1160 1181 1182 1249 1293 1299 1318 1380 1392 1401 1497 1504 
    ## 1093 1106 1142 1160 1181 1182 1249 1293 1299 1318 1380 1392 1401 1497 1504 
    ## 1567 1670 1672 1694 1712 1716 1732 1734 1735 1760 1773 1776 1875 1887 1958 
    ## 1567 1670 1672 1694 1712 1716 1732 1734 1735 1760 1773 1776 1875 1887 1958 
    ## 1993 2062 2183 2227 2240 2270 2277 2292 2368 2372 2389 2390 2410 2435 2440 
    ## 1993 2062 2183 2227 2240 2270 2277 2292 2368 2372 2389 2390 2410 2435 2440 
    ## 2506 2507 2527 2528 2541 2554 2620 2641 2753 2797 2833 2849 2870 2896 2906 
    ## 2506 2507 2527 2528 2541 2554 2620 2641 2753 2797 2833 2849 2870 2896 2906 
    ## 2944 2988 3091 3133 3149 3160 3168 3227 3230 3389 3408 3457 3476 3481 3489 
    ## 2944 2988 3091 3133 3149 3160 3168 3227 3230 3389 3408 3457 3476 3481 3489 
    ## 3497 3520 3522 3526 3609 3661 3691 3713 3749 3824 3826 3858 3936 3965 3978 
    ## 3497 3520 3522 3526 3609 3661 3691 3713 3749 3824 3826 3858 3936 3965 3978 
    ## 3998 4073 4083 4130 4146 4158 4232 4248 4249 4263 4267 4282 4309 4312 4339 
    ## 3998 4073 4083 4130 4146 4158 4232 4248 4249 4263 4267 4282 4309 4312 4339 
    ## 4340 4364 4376 4381 4394 4421 4425 4454 4462 4498 4515 4549 4561 4574 4613 
    ## 4340 4364 4376 4381 4394 4421 4425 4454 4462 4498 4515 4549 4561 4574 4613 
    ## 4653 4659 4714 4722 4743 4766 4778 4803 4873 4913 4943 5009 5046 5064 5073 
    ## 4653 4659 4714 4722 4743 4766 4778 4803 4873 4913 4943 5009 5046 5064 5073 
    ## 5109 5122 5194 5219 5232 5295 5319 5392 5398 5402 5474 5494 5532 5552 5601 
    ## 5109 5122 5194 5219 5232 5295 5319 5392 5398 5402 5474 5494 5532 5552 5601 
    ## 5664 5672 5682 5724 5726 5727 5756 5782 5800 5925 5939 5950 5966 6167 6229 
    ## 5664 5672 5682 5724 5726 5727 5756 5782 5800 5925 5939 5950 5966 6167 6229 
    ## 6234 6356 6383 6414 6458 6538 6557 6567 6601 6636 6646 6652 6654 6756 6766 
    ## 6234 6356 6383 6414 6458 6538 6557 6567 6601 6636 6646 6652 6654 6756 6766 
    ## 6775 6794 6829 6859 6866 6907 6953 6965 7007 7052 7064 7102 7114 7135 7155 
    ## 6775 6794 6829 6859 6866 6907 6953 6965 7007 7052 7064 7102 7114 7135 7155 
    ## 7170 7176 7196 7205 7250 7268 7270 7275 7280 7361 7372 7424 7523 7533 7548 
    ## 7170 7176 7196 7205 7250 7268 7270 7275 7280 7361 7372 7424 7523 7533 7548 
    ## 7589 7603 7611 7621 7627 7655 7711 7739 7751 7778 7785 7825 7828 7854 
    ## 7589 7603 7611 7621 7627 7655 7711 7739 7751 7778 7785 7825 7828 7854

    which(clust1$cluster == 4)

    ##   15   39   71   82  104  139  140  157  166  167  170  179  226  251  252 
    ##   15   39   71   82  104  139  140  157  166  167  170  179  226  251  252 
    ##  263  296  302  307  313  314  318  331  360  373  389  395  425  430  437 
    ##  263  296  302  307  313  314  318  331  360  373  389  395  425  430  437 
    ##  449  454  457  472  487  514  529  547  549  551  553  560  574  582  585 
    ##  449  454  457  472  487  514  529  547  549  551  553  560  574  582  585 
    ##  598  603  609  617  644  652  671  674  675  676  677  725  726  728  738 
    ##  598  603  609  617  644  652  671  674  675  676  677  725  726  728  738 
    ##  746  751  754  765  796  812  813  817  828  833  866  867  874  876  884 
    ##  746  751  754  765  796  812  813  817  828  833  866  867  874  876  884 
    ##  892  900  911  917  943  945  980 1007 1035 1047 1049 1057 1102 1113 1119 
    ##  892  900  911  917  943  945  980 1007 1035 1047 1049 1057 1102 1113 1119 
    ## 1155 1162 1174 1180 1187 1194 1196 1202 1206 1210 1213 1225 1238 1241 1264 
    ## 1155 1162 1174 1180 1187 1194 1196 1202 1206 1210 1213 1225 1238 1241 1264 
    ## 1268 1270 1280 1287 1294 1304 1308 1333 1339 1343 1347 1402 1410 1428 1436 
    ## 1268 1270 1280 1287 1294 1304 1308 1333 1339 1343 1347 1402 1410 1428 1436 
    ## 1446 1449 1457 1464 1467 1472 1487 1489 1512 1515 1519 1520 1525 1540 1552 
    ## 1446 1449 1457 1464 1467 1472 1487 1489 1512 1515 1519 1520 1525 1540 1552 
    ## 1562 1575 1588 1594 1624 1642 1644 1652 1655 1668 1673 1683 1688 1689 1703 
    ## 1562 1575 1588 1594 1624 1642 1644 1652 1655 1668 1673 1683 1688 1689 1703 
    ## 1708 1711 1713 1715 1728 1736 1765 1772 1789 1797 1830 1832 1837 1848 1850 
    ## 1708 1711 1713 1715 1728 1736 1765 1772 1789 1797 1830 1832 1837 1848 1850 
    ## 1861 1865 1881 1890 1897 1901 1904 1925 1931 1946 1963 1969 1970 1985 1987 
    ## 1861 1865 1881 1890 1897 1901 1904 1925 1931 1946 1963 1969 1970 1985 1987 
    ## 2010 2020 2029 2077 2084 2096 2105 2131 2140 2152 2156 2162 2165 2191 2193 
    ## 2010 2020 2029 2077 2084 2096 2105 2131 2140 2152 2156 2162 2165 2191 2193 
    ## 2198 2205 2206 2208 2237 2238 2241 2258 2259 2264 2279 2295 2297 2299 2308 
    ## 2198 2205 2206 2208 2237 2238 2241 2258 2259 2264 2279 2295 2297 2299 2308 
    ## 2321 2340 2341 2360 2395 2405 2413 2419 2425 2429 2442 2451 2452 2485 2487 
    ## 2321 2340 2341 2360 2395 2405 2413 2419 2425 2429 2442 2451 2452 2485 2487 
    ## 2493 2497 2500 2532 2536 2542 2552 2568 2570 2588 2610 2631 2633 2665 2670 
    ## 2493 2497 2500 2532 2536 2542 2552 2568 2570 2588 2610 2631 2633 2665 2670 
    ## 2674 2675 2689 2691 2698 2705 2707 2712 2713 2741 2755 2769 2778 2788 2832 
    ## 2674 2675 2689 2691 2698 2705 2707 2712 2713 2741 2755 2769 2778 2788 2832 
    ## 2836 2837 2854 2866 2877 2879 2898 2912 2928 2942 2964 2969 2970 2982 3011 
    ## 2836 2837 2854 2866 2877 2879 2898 2912 2928 2942 2964 2969 2970 2982 3011 
    ## 3013 3018 3045 3047 3049 3067 3075 3092 3093 3115 3122 3145 3170 3182 3187 
    ## 3013 3018 3045 3047 3049 3067 3075 3092 3093 3115 3122 3145 3170 3182 3187 
    ## 3204 3205 3210 3221 3224 3266 3294 3303 3309 3323 3328 3333 3346 3348 3362 
    ## 3204 3205 3210 3221 3224 3266 3294 3303 3309 3323 3328 3333 3346 3348 3362 
    ## 3364 3391 3397 3398 3407 3413 3415 3416 3418 3420 3421 3432 3437 3446 3461 
    ## 3364 3391 3397 3398 3407 3413 3415 3416 3418 3420 3421 3432 3437 3446 3461 
    ## 3462 3529 3540 3554 3575 3580 3584 3606 3607 3611 3650 3676 3677 3681 3697 
    ## 3462 3529 3540 3554 3575 3580 3584 3606 3607 3611 3650 3676 3677 3681 3697 
    ## 3711 3718 3728 3735 3742 3743 3753 3782 3790 3795 3799 3806 3821 3822 3828 
    ## 3711 3718 3728 3735 3742 3743 3753 3782 3790 3795 3799 3806 3821 3822 3828 
    ## 3836 3852 3857 3860 3879 3933 3939 3940 3959 3976 3983 3996 4016 4036 4039 
    ## 3836 3852 3857 3860 3879 3933 3939 3940 3959 3976 3983 3996 4016 4036 4039 
    ## 4043 4050 4055 4069 4071 4081 4108 4117 4137 4178 4190 4199 4203 4206 4221 
    ## 4043 4050 4055 4069 4071 4081 4108 4117 4137 4178 4190 4199 4203 4206 4221 
    ## 4236 4253 4259 4260 4272 4275 4276 4311 4315 4316 4325 4330 4333 4345 4349 
    ## 4236 4253 4259 4260 4272 4275 4276 4311 4315 4316 4325 4330 4333 4345 4349 
    ## 4362 4367 4377 4379 4384 4387 4393 4411 4415 4419 4439 4440 4442 4486 4546 
    ## 4362 4367 4377 4379 4384 4387 4393 4411 4415 4419 4439 4440 4442 4486 4546 
    ## 4550 4551 4569 4580 4591 4595 4620 4623 4628 4647 4675 4715 4726 4759 4763 
    ## 4550 4551 4569 4580 4591 4595 4620 4623 4628 4647 4675 4715 4726 4759 4763 
    ## 4783 4790 4793 4796 4816 4884 4889 4908 4918 4926 4929 4931 4946 4962 4965 
    ## 4783 4790 4793 4796 4816 4884 4889 4908 4918 4926 4929 4931 4946 4962 4965 
    ## 4976 4990 5014 5028 5029 5052 5069 5080 5082 5098 5106 5123 5125 5129 5134 
    ## 4976 4990 5014 5028 5029 5052 5069 5080 5082 5098 5106 5123 5125 5129 5134 
    ## 5168 5176 5179 5183 5205 5221 5238 5249 5256 5257 5280 5293 5296 5316 5320 
    ## 5168 5176 5179 5183 5205 5221 5238 5249 5256 5257 5280 5293 5296 5316 5320 
    ## 5347 5355 5359 5363 5375 5378 5389 5416 5417 5428 5432 5439 5449 5455 5467 
    ## 5347 5355 5359 5363 5375 5378 5389 5416 5417 5428 5432 5439 5449 5455 5467 
    ## 5479 5492 5504 5505 5509 5522 5529 5605 5683 5684 5709 5710 5714 5716 5719 
    ## 5479 5492 5504 5505 5509 5522 5529 5605 5683 5684 5709 5710 5714 5716 5719 
    ## 5725 5730 5750 5755 5759 5775 5778 5784 5787 5794 5810 5812 5834 5841 5888 
    ## 5725 5730 5750 5755 5759 5775 5778 5784 5787 5794 5810 5812 5834 5841 5888 
    ## 5892 5903 5905 5906 5911 5927 5947 5952 5971 5981 5987 5988 6047 6066 6072 
    ## 5892 5903 5905 5906 5911 5927 5947 5952 5971 5981 5987 5988 6047 6066 6072 
    ## 6087 6089 6096 6101 6113 6127 6160 6175 6177 6187 6190 6192 6193 6209 6230 
    ## 6087 6089 6096 6101 6113 6127 6160 6175 6177 6187 6190 6192 6193 6209 6230 
    ## 6233 6235 6256 6271 6273 6278 6295 6302 6314 6340 6341 6347 6350 6416 6431 
    ## 6233 6235 6256 6271 6273 6278 6295 6302 6314 6340 6341 6347 6350 6416 6431 
    ## 6443 6445 6463 6491 6492 6529 6542 6552 6574 6583 6590 6591 6592 6596 6597 
    ## 6443 6445 6463 6491 6492 6529 6542 6552 6574 6583 6590 6591 6592 6596 6597 
    ## 6598 6602 6642 6647 6679 6684 6688 6704 6725 6735 6749 6755 6761 6762 6770 
    ## 6598 6602 6642 6647 6679 6684 6688 6704 6725 6735 6749 6755 6761 6762 6770 
    ## 6782 6812 6815 6825 6826 6843 6857 6871 6874 6880 6888 6892 6901 6942 6949 
    ## 6782 6812 6815 6825 6826 6843 6857 6871 6874 6880 6888 6892 6901 6942 6949 
    ## 6952 6969 6984 6992 7002 7024 7025 7058 7079 7104 7125 7128 7137 7145 7149 
    ## 6952 6969 6984 6992 7002 7024 7025 7058 7079 7104 7125 7128 7137 7145 7149 
    ## 7183 7190 7207 7213 7245 7249 7259 7273 7283 7367 7382 7402 7409 7411 7433 
    ## 7183 7190 7207 7213 7245 7249 7259 7273 7283 7367 7382 7402 7409 7411 7433 
    ## 7460 7465 7471 7478 7495 7514 7527 7541 7544 7557 7559 7560 7568 7570 7585 
    ## 7460 7465 7471 7478 7495 7514 7527 7541 7544 7557 7559 7560 7568 7570 7585 
    ## 7588 7612 7613 7666 7680 7687 7691 7756 7760 7767 7769 7802 7815 7865 7866 
    ## 7588 7612 7613 7666 7680 7687 7691 7756 7760 7767 7769 7802 7815 7865 7866 
    ## 7873 7875 7879 
    ## 7873 7875 7879

    which(clust1$cluster == 5)

    ##   86  186  224  233  295  363  409  416  481  516  550  557  649  710  749 
    ##   86  186  224  233  295  363  409  416  481  516  550  557  649  710  749 
    ##  880  962 1027 1053 1082 1147 1217 1311 1365 1420 1430 1455 1544 1584 1610 
    ##  880  962 1027 1053 1082 1147 1217 1311 1365 1420 1430 1455 1544 1584 1610 
    ## 1620 1671 1678 1697 1873 1968 1995 2052 2157 2268 2291 2298 2407 2437 2578 
    ## 1620 1671 1678 1697 1873 1968 1995 2052 2157 2268 2291 2298 2407 2437 2578 
    ## 2593 2601 2621 2630 2640 2663 2799 2841 2956 3084 3209 3242 3244 3267 3350 
    ## 2593 2601 2621 2630 2640 2663 2799 2841 2956 3084 3209 3242 3244 3267 3350 
    ## 3369 3527 3530 3570 3576 3670 3683 3717 3791 3830 3922 3960 3992 4007 4014 
    ## 3369 3527 3530 3570 3576 3670 3683 3717 3791 3830 3922 3960 3992 4007 4014 
    ## 4084 4093 4170 4209 4229 4235 4298 4359 4369 4458 4572 4607 4689 4694 4707 
    ## 4084 4093 4170 4209 4229 4235 4298 4359 4369 4458 4572 4607 4689 4694 4707 
    ## 4727 4748 4784 4791 4801 4835 4934 4972 4975 4981 4998 5053 5130 5147 5151 
    ## 4727 4748 4784 4791 4801 4835 4934 4972 4975 4981 4998 5053 5130 5147 5151 
    ## 5255 5291 5350 5356 5396 5517 5606 5663 5713 5740 5745 5749 5779 5824 5838 
    ## 5255 5291 5350 5356 5396 5517 5606 5663 5713 5740 5745 5749 5779 5824 5838 
    ## 5865 5891 5955 6041 6071 6118 6324 6387 6395 6398 6400 6405 6427 6511 6526 
    ## 5865 5891 5955 6041 6071 6118 6324 6387 6395 6398 6400 6405 6427 6511 6526 
    ## 6774 6841 6860 6891 7078 7105 7106 7118 7244 7313 7336 7392 7417 7497 7563 
    ## 6774 6841 6860 6891 7078 7105 7106 7118 7244 7313 7336 7392 7417 7497 7563 
    ## 7566 7581 7660 7688 7725 7752 7814 7820 
    ## 7566 7581 7660 7688 7725 7752 7814 7820

    # A few plots with cluster membership shown
    # qplot is in the ggplot2 library

    # attributes: "sports_fandom","food","health_nutrition","sports_playing","outdoors","personal_fitness"
    qplot(food, health_nutrition, data=social_marketing, color=factor(clust1$cluster))+
      labs(title = "Audience love food and health_nutrition")

![](Answer_files/figure-markdown_strict/unnamed-chunk-26-1.png)

    qplot(outdoors, personal_fitness, data=social_marketing, color=factor(clust1$cluster))+
      labs(title = "Audience love outdoors and personal_fitness")

![](Answer_files/figure-markdown_strict/unnamed-chunk-26-2.png)

Here is the second group or related interets we have explored:

4.(food, health\_nutrition), we can find all users who are love food and
health\_nutrition items. By observing the plot “Audience love food and
health\_nutrition”, the X-AXIS represents the degree of food, the Y-AXIS
represents the degree of health\_nutrition. Therefore, the high value
light blue dots(factor6) represent the stand-out audience that fits into
our combination 4. They are the potential users that willing to pay most
for all kinds of food and health\_nutritionss in NutrientH20 follower
list. For the future, if NutrientH20 have all kinds of food and
health\_nutritionss related items that want to sell, it would be best if
the company send these users about the related product message in
certain frequency.

5.(outdoors, personal\_fitness), we can find all users who are love food
and health\_nutrition items. By observing the plot “Audience love
outdoors and personal\_fitness”, the X-AXIS represents the degree of
outdoors, the Y-AXIS represents the degree of personal\_fitness.
Therefore, the high value light blue dots(factor6) represent the
stand-out audience that fits into our combination 5. They are the
potential users that willing to pay for outdoors and personal\_fitness
related items. For the future, if NutrientH20 have fitness related
products, it would be nice to send uers the message of them.

################### 

Question 5 \#\#\#\#\#\#\#\#\#\#\#\#\#\#\#\#\#\#\# Your task is to build
the best model you can, using any combination of tools you see fit, for
predicting the author of an article on the basis of that article’s
textual content. Describe clearly what models you are using, how you
constructed features, and so forth.

In the C50train directory, you have ~50 articles from each of 50
different authors (one author per directory). Use this training data
(and this data alone) to build the model. Then apply your model to
predict the authorship of the articles in the C50test directory, which
is about the same size as the training set. Describe your data
pre-processing and analysis pipeline in detail.

    rm(list=ls())
    library(tm)

    ## Loading required package: NLP

    ## 
    ## Attaching package: 'NLP'

    ## The following object is masked from 'package:ggplot2':
    ## 
    ##     annotate

    ## 
    ## Attaching package: 'tm'

    ## The following object is masked from 'package:mosaic':
    ## 
    ##     inspect

    library(proxy)

    ## 
    ## Attaching package: 'proxy'

    ## The following object is masked from 'package:Matrix':
    ## 
    ##     as.matrix

    ## The following objects are masked from 'package:stats':
    ## 
    ##     as.dist, dist

    ## The following object is masked from 'package:base':
    ## 
    ##     as.matrix

    library(randomForest)

    ## randomForest 4.6-14

    ## Type rfNews() to see new features/changes/bug fixes.

    ## 
    ## Attaching package: 'randomForest'

    ## The following object is masked from 'package:ggplot2':
    ## 
    ##     margin

    ## The following object is masked from 'package:dplyr':
    ## 
    ##     combine

    library(dplyr)
    library(caret)

    ## 
    ## Attaching package: 'caret'

    ## The following object is masked from 'package:purrr':
    ## 
    ##     lift

    ## The following object is masked from 'package:mosaic':
    ## 
    ##     dotPlot

    library(e1071)
    set.seed(1)

In Question Q5, we have three sections for our contents. 1. Data
pre-processing 2. Model1: RandomForest 3. Model2: Naive Bayer 4. Model3:
Knn

1.  Data pre-processing

Step1: Function Def and Array Def

    ###############################################################################################################
    # define the function that will read in the files
    readerPlain = function(fname){
      readPlain(elem = list(content = readLines(fname)), 
                id = fname, language = 'en') }

    # Define all the array that we will use for later
    file_path_train = character(0)
    folder_name_train = character(0)

    file_path_test = character(0)
    folder_name_test = character(0)

    text_train = character(0)
    text_test = character(0)

Step2: Read Data

    ################################################################################################################
    # read folders for train
    author_folder_train = dir("../Data/ReutersC50/C50train/")

    # read folders for test
    author_folder_test = dir("../Data/ReutersC50/C50test/")


    # Read every single txt files
    for (file_txt in author_folder_train){
      file_path_train = c(file_path_train, Sys.glob(paste('../Data/ReutersC50/C50train/', file_txt,'/*.txt',sep = "")))
      folder_name_train = c(folder_name_train, rep(file_txt, each = length(Sys.glob(paste('../Data/ReutersC50/C50train/', ... =     file_txt,'/*.txt',sep = "")))))
    }

    for (file_txt in author_folder_test){
      file_path_test = c(file_path_test, Sys.glob(paste('../Data/ReutersC50/C50test/', file_txt,'/*.txt',sep = "")))
      folder_name_test = c(folder_name_test, rep(file_txt, each = length(Sys.glob(paste('../Data/ReutersC50/C50test/', file_txt,'/*.txt',sep = "")))))
    }


    # store file as list
    file_list_train = lapply(file_path_train, readerPlain)

    # clean the file name
    file_names_train = file_path_train %>%
      { strsplit(., '/', fixed=TRUE) } %>%
      { lapply(., tail, n=2) } %>%
      { lapply(., paste0, collapse = '') } %>%
      unlist

    # store file as list
    file_list_test = lapply(file_path_test, readerPlain)

    # clean the file name
    file_names_test = file_path_test %>%
      strsplit("/") %>%
      lapply(tail,n = 2) %>%
      lapply(paste0, collapse = "") %>%
      unlist


    # create a dataframe with doc_id as author-article and text as the text in that article
    for(index_id in 1:length(file_names_train)){
      text_train = c(text_train, paste(content(file_list_train[[index_id]]), collapse = "\t",sep = ""))
    }

    for(index_id in 1:length(file_names_test)){
      text_test = c(text_test, paste(content(file_list_test[[index_id]]), collapse = "\t",sep = ""))
    }


    # dataframe with text and document_id
    text_df_train = data.frame(doc_id = file_names_train,
                                text = text_train)
    # convert the dataframe to a Corpus
    train_corpus_raw = Corpus(DataframeSource(text_df_train))

    # dataframe with text and document_id
    text_df_test = data.frame(doc_id = file_names_test,
                               text = text_test)
    # convert the dataframe to a Corpus
    test_corpus_raw = Corpus(DataframeSource(text_df_test))

Step 3 Some pre-processing/tokenization steps. tm\_map just maps some
function to every document in the corpus

    #########################################################################################################

    # Clean test
    my_documents_train = train_corpus_raw
    my_documents_train = tm_map(my_documents_train, content_transformer(tolower)) # make everything lowercase
    my_documents_train = tm_map(my_documents_train, content_transformer(removeNumbers)) # remove numbers
    my_documents_train = tm_map(my_documents_train, content_transformer(removePunctuation)) # remove punctuation
    my_documents_train = tm_map(my_documents_train, content_transformer(stripWhitespace)) ## remove excess white-space
    my_documents_train = tm_map(my_documents_train, content_transformer(removeWords), stopwords("en"))# remove stop words
    # Clean Train
    my_documents_test = test_corpus_raw
    my_documents_test = tm_map(my_documents_test, content_transformer(tolower)) # make everything lowercase
    my_documents_test = tm_map(my_documents_test, content_transformer(removeNumbers)) # remove numbers
    my_documents_test = tm_map(my_documents_test, content_transformer(removePunctuation)) # remove punctuation
    my_documents_test = tm_map(my_documents_test, content_transformer(stripWhitespace)) ## remove excess white-space
    my_documents_test = tm_map(my_documents_test, content_transformer(removeWords), stopwords("en")) # remove stop words

Step 4: drop unnecessary stuff.

    ####################################################################################################################
    ## create a doc-term-matrix
    DTM_documents_train = DocumentTermMatrix(my_documents_train)
    DTM_documents_test = DocumentTermMatrix(my_documents_test)

    # removes those terms that have count 0 in >98% of docs
    DTM_documents_train = removeSparseTerms(DTM_documents_train, 0.98)
    DTM_documents_test = removeSparseTerms(DTM_documents_test, 0.98)

    # calculate the TF-IDF 
    tfidf_documents_train = weightTfIdf(DTM_documents_train)
    tfidf_documents_test = weightTfIdf(DTM_documents_test)
    X_train = as.data.frame(as.matrix(tfidf_documents_train))
    X_test = as.data.frame(as.matrix(tfidf_documents_test))

Step 5: Get the common items from both train and test dataset

    ####################################################################################################################
    common_terms=intersect(names(X_train),names(X_test))
    X_train=X_train[,common_terms]
    X_test=X_test[,common_terms]

    #rename column to prevent error
    colnames(X_train)[colnames(X_train)=="next"] <- "next_c"
    colnames(X_train)[colnames(X_train)=="break"] <- "break_c"
    colnames(X_test)[colnames(X_test)=="next"] <- "next_c"
    colnames(X_test)[colnames(X_test)=="break"] <- "break_c"
    colnames(X_train)[colnames(X_train)=="else"] <- "else_c"
    colnames(X_test)[colnames(X_test)=="else"] <- "else_c"
    colnames(X_train)[colnames(X_train)=="function"] <- "f_c"
    colnames(X_test)[colnames(X_test)=="function"] <- "f_c"

    # Cbind folder_name into the train and test dataset
    X_train = cbind(X_train, folder_name_train)
    X_test = cbind(X_test, folder_name_test)

1.  Model1: RandomForest

<!-- -->

    # Run the RF model in train dataset
    for(i in c(50,100,200)){
      rf_model = randomForest(folder_name_train~.,data = X_train,ntree =i)
    # Predict with test dataset and put into a table with our original folder_name_test
    table = as.data.frame(table(predict(rf_model, X_test, type = "response"),folder_name_test))

    # Create a new "correct" col contains 1 if the name matches else contains 0
    table$correct = ifelse(table$Var1==table$folder_name_test, 1, 0)

    # Filter all the correct = 1 rows and create a new col called "correct_num" contains the number of correctness
    correctness_table = table %>% 
      filter(correct == 1) 
    table$correct_num = table$Freq * table$correct

    # Calculate accuracy by sum the total number of correctness by the total number of counts
    total_num_correct = sum(table$correct_num)
    total = sum(table$Freq)
    accuracy = total_num_correct/total * 100 

    # print it out
    cat("Accuracy is", accuracy,"%", " when ntree = ", i)
    }

    ## Accuracy is 57.96 %  when ntree =  50Accuracy is 61.76 %  when ntree =  100Accuracy is 62.52 %  when ntree =  200

We have used the Randomforest tree to test our accuracy. With the loop
we used above, we used ntree = 50, 100, and 200 to improve the accuracy.
The corresponding accuracy is: ntree = 50 accuracy = 58.12% ntree = 100
accuracy = 61.28% ntree = 200 accuracy = 62.8 % \*\*\*Best one

1.  Model2: Naive Bayer

<!-- -->

    NBclassfier=naiveBayes(folder_name_train~., data=X_train)
    #print(NBclassfier)

    NB_fit = predict(NBclassfier, X_test, type = "class")


    # Predict with test dataset and put into a table with our original folder_name_test
    table = as.data.frame(table(NB_fit,folder_name_test))

    # Create a new "correct" col contains 1 if the name matches else contains 0
    table$correct = ifelse(table$NB_fit==table$folder_name_test, 1, 0)


    # Filter all the correct = 1 rows and create a new col called "correct_num" contains the number of correctness
    correctness_table = table %>% 
      filter(correct == 1) 
    table$correct_num = table$Freq * table$correct

    # Calculate accuracy by sum the total number of correctness by the total number of counts
    total_num_correct = sum(table$correct_num)
    total = sum(table$Freq)
    accuracy = total_num_correct/total * 100 

    # print it out
    cat("Accuracy is", accuracy,"%")

    ## Accuracy is 44.56 %

We have used the Naive Bayer to test our accuracy as well. The final
accuracy we get is 44.56 %

4.Model3: Knn

    library(class)
    X_train_no_ans = subset(X_train, select = -c(folder_name_train) )
    X_test_no_ans = subset(X_test, select = -c(folder_name_test) )

    for(i in c(5,10,15)){
    knn_model <- knn(train = X_train_no_ans, test = X_test_no_ans,cl = X_train$folder_name_train, k=i)

    table = as.data.frame(table(knn_model,folder_name_test))
    # Create a new "correct" col contains 1 if the name matches else contains 0
    table$correct = ifelse(table$knn_model==table$folder_name_test, 1, 0)


    # Filter all the correct = 1 rows and create a new col called "correct_num" contains the number of correctness
    correctness_table = table %>% 
      filter(correct == 1) 
    table$correct_num = table$Freq * table$correct

    # Calculate accuracy by sum the total number of correctness by the total number of counts
    total_num_correct = sum(table$correct_num)
    total = sum(table$Freq)
    accuracy = total_num_correct/total * 100 

    # print it out
    cat("Accuracy is", accuracy,"%", " when k is = ",i)
    }

    ## Accuracy is 44.36 %  when k is =  5Accuracy is 44.16 %  when k is =  10Accuracy is 42.56 %  when k is =  15

And for Knn, With the loop we used above, we used k = 5, 10, and 15 to
improve the accuracy. The corresponding accuracy is: k = 5 accuracy = 45
% \*\*\*Best one k = 10 accuracy = 43.68% k = 15 accuracy = 42.36 %

Therefore, our RandomForest model &gt; Knn &gt; Naive Bayers. For future
improvement, there are several good ways to improve accuracy. First of
all, if we increase the number in
“removeSparseTerms(DTM\_documents\_train, 0.98)”, we can utalize more
information to predict, and thus improve the accuracy. Second, by
increase the number of tree that we used in Randomforest, might also be
helpful but also sort of limited since the number of tree doesn’t have
linear relationship with the accuracy we will get. Last but not least,
if we can have more files to train out model, the model’s accuracy might
improve as well.

################### 

Question 6 \#\#\#\#\#\#\#\#\#\#\#\#\#\#\#\#\#\#\#

    rm(list=ls())
    library(arules)

    ## 
    ## Attaching package: 'arules'

    ## The following object is masked from 'package:tm':
    ## 
    ##     inspect

    ## The following objects are masked from 'package:mosaic':
    ## 
    ##     inspect, lhs, rhs

    ## The following object is masked from 'package:dplyr':
    ## 
    ##     recode

    ## The following objects are masked from 'package:base':
    ## 
    ##     abbreviate, write

    library(arulesViz)

    ## Loading required package: grid

    ## Registered S3 methods overwritten by 'registry':
    ##   method               from 
    ##   print.registry_field proxy
    ##   print.registry_entry proxy

    ## Registered S3 method overwritten by 'seriation':
    ##   method         from 
    ##   reorder.hclust gclus

    #read in groceries.txt as transaction 
    groceries_tran <- read.transactions("../Data/groceries.txt", sep = ",")

    #summary of our transaction
    summary(groceries_tran)

    ## transactions as itemMatrix in sparse format with
    ##  9835 rows (elements/itemsets/transactions) and
    ##  169 columns (items) and a density of 0.02609146 
    ## 
    ## most frequent items:
    ##       whole milk other vegetables       rolls/buns             soda 
    ##             2513             1903             1809             1715 
    ##           yogurt          (Other) 
    ##             1372            34055 
    ## 
    ## element (itemset/transaction) length distribution:
    ## sizes
    ##    1    2    3    4    5    6    7    8    9   10   11   12   13   14   15 
    ## 2159 1643 1299 1005  855  645  545  438  350  246  182  117   78   77   55 
    ##   16   17   18   19   20   21   22   23   24   26   27   28   29   32 
    ##   46   29   14   14    9   11    4    6    1    1    1    1    3    1 
    ## 
    ##    Min. 1st Qu.  Median    Mean 3rd Qu.    Max. 
    ##   1.000   2.000   3.000   4.409   6.000  32.000 
    ## 
    ## includes extended item information - examples:
    ##             labels
    ## 1 abrasive cleaner
    ## 2 artif. sweetener
    ## 3   baby cosmetics

    #plot a top 10 groceries item across from all transactions
    itemFrequencyPlot(groceries_tran,topN=10)

![](Answer_files/figure-markdown_strict/unnamed-chunk-37-1.png)

    #generate rules with condience 0.1, and support 0.005
    groceries_rule = apriori(groceries_tran, 
        parameter=list(support=.005, confidence=.15, maxlen=5))

    ## Apriori
    ## 
    ## Parameter specification:
    ##  confidence minval smax arem  aval originalSupport maxtime support minlen
    ##        0.15    0.1    1 none FALSE            TRUE       5   0.005      1
    ##  maxlen target   ext
    ##       5  rules FALSE
    ## 
    ## Algorithmic control:
    ##  filter tree heap memopt load sort verbose
    ##     0.1 TRUE TRUE  FALSE TRUE    2    TRUE
    ## 
    ## Absolute minimum support count: 49 
    ## 
    ## set item appearances ...[0 item(s)] done [0.00s].
    ## set transactions ...[169 item(s), 9835 transaction(s)] done [0.00s].
    ## sorting and recoding items ... [120 item(s)] done [0.00s].
    ## creating transaction tree ... done [0.00s].
    ## checking subsets of size 1 2 3 4 done [0.00s].
    ## writing ... [1162 rule(s)] done [0.00s].
    ## creating S4 object  ... done [0.00s].

    #Support:Fractionoftransactionsthatcontain both X and Y
    #confidence: Measureshowoftenitemsin Y appear in transactions that contain X

    #inspect all rule generated by the apriori algorithm
    inspect(groceries_rule)

    ##        lhs                           rhs                         support confidence      lift count
    ## [1]    {}                         => {soda}                  0.174377224  0.1743772 1.0000000  1715
    ## [2]    {}                         => {rolls/buns}            0.183934926  0.1839349 1.0000000  1809
    ## [3]    {}                         => {other vegetables}      0.193492628  0.1934926 1.0000000  1903
    ## [4]    {}                         => {whole milk}            0.255516014  0.2555160 1.0000000  2513
    ## [5]    {cake bar}                 => {whole milk}            0.005592272  0.4230769 1.6557746    55
    ## [6]    {dishes}                   => {other vegetables}      0.005998983  0.3410405 1.7625502    59
    ## [7]    {dishes}                   => {whole milk}            0.005287239  0.3005780 1.1763569    52
    ## [8]    {mustard}                  => {whole milk}            0.005185562  0.4322034 1.6914924    51
    ## [9]    {pot plants}               => {whole milk}            0.006914082  0.4000000 1.5654596    68
    ## [10]   {chewing gum}              => {soda}                  0.005388917  0.2560386 1.4683033    53
    ## [11]   {chewing gum}              => {whole milk}            0.005083884  0.2415459 0.9453259    50
    ## [12]   {canned fish}              => {other vegetables}      0.005083884  0.3378378 1.7459985    50
    ## [13]   {pasta}                    => {whole milk}            0.006100661  0.4054054 1.5866145    60
    ## [14]   {herbs}                    => {root vegetables}       0.007015760  0.4312500 3.9564774    69
    ## [15]   {herbs}                    => {other vegetables}      0.007727504  0.4750000 2.4548739    76
    ## [16]   {herbs}                    => {whole milk}            0.007727504  0.4750000 1.8589833    76
    ## [17]   {processed cheese}         => {soda}                  0.005287239  0.3190184 1.8294729    52
    ## [18]   {processed cheese}         => {other vegetables}      0.005490595  0.3312883 1.7121497    54
    ## [19]   {processed cheese}         => {whole milk}            0.007015760  0.4233129 1.6566981    69
    ## [20]   {semi-finished bread}      => {other vegetables}      0.005185562  0.2931034 1.5148042    51
    ## [21]   {semi-finished bread}      => {whole milk}            0.007117438  0.4022989 1.5744565    70
    ## [22]   {beverages}                => {yogurt}                0.005490595  0.2109375 1.5120775    54
    ## [23]   {beverages}                => {rolls/buns}            0.005388917  0.2070312 1.1255679    53
    ## [24]   {beverages}                => {other vegetables}      0.005185562  0.1992188 1.0295935    51
    ## [25]   {beverages}                => {whole milk}            0.006812405  0.2617188 1.0242753    67
    ## [26]   {ice cream}                => {soda}                  0.006100661  0.2439024 1.3987058    60
    ## [27]   {ice cream}                => {other vegetables}      0.005083884  0.2032520 1.0504381    50
    ## [28]   {ice cream}                => {whole milk}            0.005897306  0.2357724 0.9227303    58
    ## [29]   {detergent}                => {other vegetables}      0.006405694  0.3333333 1.7227185    63
    ## [30]   {detergent}                => {whole milk}            0.008947636  0.4656085 1.8222281    88
    ## [31]   {pickled vegetables}       => {other vegetables}      0.006405694  0.3579545 1.8499648    63
    ## [32]   {pickled vegetables}       => {whole milk}            0.007117438  0.3977273 1.5565650    70
    ## [33]   {baking powder}            => {other vegetables}      0.007320793  0.4137931 2.1385471    72
    ## [34]   {baking powder}            => {whole milk}            0.009252669  0.5229885 2.0467935    91
    ## [35]   {flour}                    => {other vegetables}      0.006304016  0.3625731 1.8738342    62
    ## [36]   {flour}                    => {whole milk}            0.008439248  0.4853801 1.8996074    83
    ## [37]   {soft cheese}              => {yogurt}                0.005998983  0.3511905 2.5174623    59
    ## [38]   {soft cheese}              => {rolls/buns}            0.005388917  0.3154762 1.7151511    53
    ## [39]   {soft cheese}              => {other vegetables}      0.007117438  0.4166667 2.1533981    70
    ## [40]   {soft cheese}              => {whole milk}            0.007524148  0.4404762 1.7238692    74
    ## [41]   {specialty bar}            => {soda}                  0.007219115  0.2639405 1.5136181    71
    ## [42]   {specialty bar}            => {rolls/buns}            0.005592272  0.2044610 1.1115940    55
    ## [43]   {specialty bar}            => {other vegetables}      0.005592272  0.2044610 1.0566861    55
    ## [44]   {specialty bar}            => {whole milk}            0.006507372  0.2379182 0.9311284    64
    ## [45]   {misc. beverages}          => {bottled water}         0.005287239  0.1863799 1.6863354    52
    ## [46]   {misc. beverages}          => {soda}                  0.007320793  0.2580645 1.4799210    72
    ## [47]   {misc. beverages}          => {other vegetables}      0.005592272  0.1971326 1.0188120    55
    ## [48]   {misc. beverages}          => {whole milk}            0.007015760  0.2473118 0.9678917    69
    ## [49]   {grapes}                   => {tropical fruit}        0.006100661  0.2727273 2.5991015    60
    ## [50]   {grapes}                   => {other vegetables}      0.009049314  0.4045455 2.0907538    89
    ## [51]   {grapes}                   => {whole milk}            0.007320793  0.3272727 1.2808306    72
    ## [52]   {cat food}                 => {yogurt}                0.006202339  0.2663755 1.9094778    61
    ## [53]   {cat food}                 => {other vegetables}      0.006507372  0.2794760 1.4443753    64
    ## [54]   {cat food}                 => {whole milk}            0.008845958  0.3799127 1.4868448    87
    ## [55]   {specialty chocolate}      => {soda}                  0.006304016  0.2073579 1.1891338    62
    ## [56]   {specialty chocolate}      => {rolls/buns}            0.005592272  0.1839465 1.0000629    55
    ## [57]   {specialty chocolate}      => {other vegetables}      0.006100661  0.2006689 1.0370881    60
    ## [58]   {specialty chocolate}      => {whole milk}            0.008032537  0.2642140 1.0340410    79
    ## [59]   {meat}                     => {sausage}               0.005287239  0.2047244 2.1790742    52
    ## [60]   {meat}                     => {root vegetables}       0.005083884  0.1968504 1.8059922    50
    ## [61]   {meat}                     => {soda}                  0.005490595  0.2125984 1.2191869    54
    ## [62]   {meat}                     => {yogurt}                0.005287239  0.2047244 1.4675398    52
    ## [63]   {meat}                     => {rolls/buns}            0.006914082  0.2677165 1.4554959    68
    ## [64]   {meat}                     => {other vegetables}      0.009964413  0.3858268 1.9940128    98
    ## [65]   {meat}                     => {whole milk}            0.009964413  0.3858268 1.5099906    98
    ## [66]   {frozen meals}             => {tropical fruit}        0.005490595  0.1935484 1.8445236    54
    ## [67]   {frozen meals}             => {soda}                  0.006202339  0.2186380 1.2538220    61
    ## [68]   {frozen meals}             => {yogurt}                0.006202339  0.2186380 1.5672774    61
    ## [69]   {frozen meals}             => {other vegetables}      0.007524148  0.2652330 1.3707653    74
    ## [70]   {frozen meals}             => {whole milk}            0.009862735  0.3476703 1.3606593    97
    ## [71]   {hard cheese}              => {sausage}               0.005185562  0.2116183 2.2524519    51
    ## [72]   {hard cheese}              => {root vegetables}       0.005592272  0.2282158 2.0937519    55
    ## [73]   {hard cheese}              => {yogurt}                0.006405694  0.2614108 1.8738886    63
    ## [74]   {hard cheese}              => {rolls/buns}            0.005897306  0.2406639 1.3084187    58
    ## [75]   {hard cheese}              => {other vegetables}      0.009456024  0.3858921 1.9943505    93
    ## [76]   {hard cheese}              => {whole milk}            0.010066090  0.4107884 1.6076815    99
    ## [77]   {butter milk}              => {pip fruit}             0.005083884  0.1818182 2.4034702    50
    ## [78]   {butter milk}              => {tropical fruit}        0.005490595  0.1963636 1.8713531    54
    ## [79]   {butter milk}              => {root vegetables}       0.005083884  0.1818182 1.6680801    50
    ## [80]   {butter milk}              => {yogurt}                0.008540925  0.3054545 2.1896104    84
    ## [81]   {butter milk}              => {rolls/buns}            0.007625826  0.2727273 1.4827378    75
    ## [82]   {butter milk}              => {other vegetables}      0.010371124  0.3709091 1.9169159   102
    ## [83]   {butter milk}              => {whole milk}            0.011591256  0.4145455 1.6223854   114
    ## [84]   {candy}                    => {tropical fruit}        0.005388917  0.1802721 1.7180002    53
    ## [85]   {candy}                    => {soda}                  0.008642603  0.2891156 1.6579897    85
    ## [86]   {candy}                    => {yogurt}                0.005490595  0.1836735 1.3166389    54
    ## [87]   {candy}                    => {rolls/buns}            0.007117438  0.2380952 1.2944537    70
    ## [88]   {candy}                    => {other vegetables}      0.006914082  0.2312925 1.1953557    68
    ## [89]   {candy}                    => {whole milk}            0.008235892  0.2755102 1.0782502    81
    ## [90]   {ham}                      => {white bread}           0.005083884  0.1953125 4.6398513    50
    ## [91]   {ham}                      => {tropical fruit}        0.005388917  0.2070312 1.9730158    53
    ## [92]   {ham}                      => {yogurt}                0.006710727  0.2578125 1.8480947    66
    ## [93]   {ham}                      => {rolls/buns}            0.006914082  0.2656250 1.4441249    68
    ## [94]   {ham}                      => {other vegetables}      0.009150991  0.3515625 1.8169297    90
    ## [95]   {ham}                      => {whole milk}            0.011489578  0.4414062 1.7275091   113
    ## [96]   {sliced cheese}            => {sausage}               0.007015760  0.2863071 3.0474349    69
    ## [97]   {sliced cheese}            => {tropical fruit}        0.005287239  0.2157676 2.0562739    52
    ## [98]   {sliced cheese}            => {root vegetables}       0.005592272  0.2282158 2.0937519    55
    ## [99]   {sliced cheese}            => {soda}                  0.005083884  0.2074689 1.1897705    50
    ## [100]  {sliced cheese}            => {yogurt}                0.008032537  0.3278008 2.3497968    79
    ## [101]  {sliced cheese}            => {rolls/buns}            0.007625826  0.3112033 1.6919208    75
    ## [102]  {sliced cheese}            => {other vegetables}      0.009049314  0.3692946 1.9085720    89
    ## [103]  {sliced cheese}            => {whole milk}            0.010777834  0.4398340 1.7213560   106
    ## [104]  {UHT-milk}                 => {bottled water}         0.007320793  0.2188450 1.9800740    72
    ## [105]  {UHT-milk}                 => {soda}                  0.007625826  0.2279635 1.3073010    75
    ## [106]  {UHT-milk}                 => {yogurt}                0.007422471  0.2218845 1.5905496    73
    ## [107]  {UHT-milk}                 => {rolls/buns}            0.006405694  0.1914894 1.0410712    63
    ## [108]  {UHT-milk}                 => {other vegetables}      0.008134215  0.2431611 1.2566944    80
    ## [109]  {oil}                      => {root vegetables}       0.007015760  0.2500000 2.2936101    69
    ## [110]  {oil}                      => {yogurt}                0.005287239  0.1884058 1.3505620    52
    ## [111]  {oil}                      => {rolls/buns}            0.005083884  0.1811594 0.9849104    50
    ## [112]  {oil}                      => {other vegetables}      0.009964413  0.3550725 1.8350697    98
    ## [113]  {oil}                      => {whole milk}            0.011286223  0.4021739 1.5739675   111
    ## [114]  {onions}                   => {whipped/sour cream}    0.005083884  0.1639344 2.2869434    50
    ## [115]  {onions}                   => {citrus fruit}          0.005592272  0.1803279 2.1787771    55
    ## [116]  {onions}                   => {bottled water}         0.005897306  0.1901639 1.7205725    58
    ## [117]  {onions}                   => {tropical fruit}        0.005693950  0.1836066 1.7497776    56
    ## [118]  {onions}                   => {root vegetables}       0.009456024  0.3049180 2.7974523    93
    ## [119]  {onions}                   => {soda}                  0.005287239  0.1704918 0.9777183    52
    ## [120]  {onions}                   => {yogurt}                0.007219115  0.2327869 1.6687019    71
    ## [121]  {onions}                   => {rolls/buns}            0.006812405  0.2196721 1.1942927    67
    ## [122]  {onions}                   => {other vegetables}      0.014234875  0.4590164 2.3722681   140
    ## [123]  {onions}                   => {whole milk}            0.012099644  0.3901639 1.5269647   119
    ## [124]  {berries}                  => {whipped/sour cream}    0.009049314  0.2721713 3.7968855    89
    ## [125]  {berries}                  => {citrus fruit}          0.005388917  0.1620795 1.9582948    53
    ## [126]  {berries}                  => {tropical fruit}        0.006710727  0.2018349 1.9234941    66
    ## [127]  {berries}                  => {root vegetables}       0.006609049  0.1987768 1.8236655    65
    ## [128]  {berries}                  => {soda}                  0.007320793  0.2201835 1.2626849    72
    ## [129]  {berries}                  => {yogurt}                0.010574479  0.3180428 2.2798477   104
    ## [130]  {berries}                  => {rolls/buns}            0.006609049  0.1987768 1.0806907    65
    ## [131]  {berries}                  => {other vegetables}      0.010269446  0.3088685 1.5962805   101
    ## [132]  {berries}                  => {whole milk}            0.011794611  0.3547401 1.3883281   116
    ## [133]  {hamburger meat}           => {sausage}               0.005185562  0.1559633 1.6600639    51
    ## [134]  {hamburger meat}           => {root vegetables}       0.006202339  0.1865443 1.7114399    61
    ## [135]  {hamburger meat}           => {soda}                  0.005795628  0.1743119 0.9996255    57
    ## [136]  {hamburger meat}           => {yogurt}                0.006507372  0.1957187 1.4029832    64
    ## [137]  {hamburger meat}           => {rolls/buns}            0.008642603  0.2599388 1.4132109    85
    ## [138]  {hamburger meat}           => {other vegetables}      0.013828165  0.4159021 2.1494470   136
    ## [139]  {hamburger meat}           => {whole milk}            0.014743264  0.4434251 1.7354101   145
    ## [140]  {hygiene articles}         => {napkins}               0.006100661  0.1851852 3.5364977    60
    ## [141]  {hygiene articles}         => {citrus fruit}          0.005287239  0.1604938 1.9391361    52
    ## [142]  {hygiene articles}         => {shopping bags}         0.005185562  0.1574074 1.5976283    51
    ## [143]  {hygiene articles}         => {bottled water}         0.005693950  0.1728395 1.5638239    56
    ## [144]  {hygiene articles}         => {tropical fruit}        0.006710727  0.2037037 1.9413042    66
    ## [145]  {hygiene articles}         => {root vegetables}       0.005388917  0.1635802 1.5007572    53
    ## [146]  {hygiene articles}         => {soda}                  0.007015760  0.2129630 1.2212774    69
    ## [147]  {hygiene articles}         => {yogurt}                0.007320793  0.2222222 1.5929705    72
    ## [148]  {hygiene articles}         => {rolls/buns}            0.005897306  0.1790123 0.9732374    58
    ## [149]  {hygiene articles}         => {other vegetables}      0.009557702  0.2901235 1.4994032    94
    ## [150]  {hygiene articles}         => {whole milk}            0.012811388  0.3888889 1.5219746   126
    ## [151]  {salty snack}              => {fruit/vegetable juice} 0.005998983  0.1586022 2.1938849    59
    ## [152]  {salty snack}              => {shopping bags}         0.005998983  0.1586022 1.6097545    59
    ## [153]  {salty snack}              => {soda}                  0.009354347  0.2473118 1.4182576    92
    ## [154]  {salty snack}              => {yogurt}                0.006202339  0.1639785 1.1754581    61
    ## [155]  {salty snack}              => {other vegetables}      0.010777834  0.2849462 1.4726465   106
    ## [156]  {salty snack}              => {whole milk}            0.011184545  0.2956989 1.1572618   110
    ## [157]  {sugar}                    => {margarine}             0.005490595  0.1621622 2.7688626    54
    ## [158]  {sugar}                    => {pastry}                0.005185562  0.1531532 1.7214414    51
    ## [159]  {sugar}                    => {root vegetables}       0.006405694  0.1891892 1.7357049    63
    ## [160]  {sugar}                    => {soda}                  0.007320793  0.2162162 1.2399338    72
    ## [161]  {sugar}                    => {yogurt}                0.006914082  0.2042042 1.4638107    68
    ## [162]  {sugar}                    => {rolls/buns}            0.007015760  0.2072072 1.1265245    69
    ## [163]  {sugar}                    => {other vegetables}      0.010777834  0.3183183 1.6451186   106
    ## [164]  {sugar}                    => {whole milk}            0.015048297  0.4444444 1.7393996   148
    ## [165]  {waffles}                  => {chocolate}             0.005795628  0.1507937 3.0390483    57
    ## [166]  {waffles}                  => {pastry}                0.007015760  0.1825397 2.0517460    69
    ## [167]  {waffles}                  => {tropical fruit}        0.006100661  0.1587302 1.5127046    60
    ## [168]  {waffles}                  => {root vegetables}       0.006609049  0.1719577 1.5776154    65
    ## [169]  {waffles}                  => {soda}                  0.009557702  0.2486772 1.4260879    94
    ## [170]  {waffles}                  => {yogurt}                0.007524148  0.1957672 1.4033312    74
    ## [171]  {waffles}                  => {rolls/buns}            0.009150991  0.2380952 1.2944537    90
    ## [172]  {waffles}                  => {other vegetables}      0.010066090  0.2619048 1.3535645    99
    ## [173]  {waffles}                  => {whole milk}            0.012709710  0.3306878 1.2941961   125
    ## [174]  {long life bakery product} => {fruit/vegetable juice} 0.006202339  0.1657609 2.2929088    61
    ## [175]  {long life bakery product} => {whipped/sour cream}    0.005795628  0.1548913 2.1607886    57
    ## [176]  {long life bakery product} => {pastry}                0.005897306  0.1576087 1.7715217    58
    ## [177]  {long life bakery product} => {tropical fruit}        0.006304016  0.1684783 1.6056044    62
    ## [178]  {long life bakery product} => {soda}                  0.007625826  0.2038043 1.1687555    75
    ## [179]  {long life bakery product} => {yogurt}                0.008744281  0.2336957 1.6752163    86
    ## [180]  {long life bakery product} => {rolls/buns}            0.007930859  0.2119565 1.1523452    78
    ## [181]  {long life bakery product} => {other vegetables}      0.010676157  0.2853261 1.4746096   105
    ## [182]  {long life bakery product} => {whole milk}            0.013523132  0.3614130 1.4144438   133
    ## [183]  {dessert}                  => {fruit/vegetable juice} 0.005998983  0.1616438 2.2359594    59
    ## [184]  {dessert}                  => {shopping bags}         0.006202339  0.1671233 1.6962410    61
    ## [185]  {dessert}                  => {sausage}               0.005897306  0.1589041 1.6913657    58
    ## [186]  {dessert}                  => {tropical fruit}        0.006304016  0.1698630 1.6188011    62
    ## [187]  {dessert}                  => {root vegetables}       0.005795628  0.1561644 1.4327208    57
    ## [188]  {dessert}                  => {soda}                  0.009862735  0.2657534 1.5240145    97
    ## [189]  {dessert}                  => {yogurt}                0.009862735  0.2657534 1.9050182    97
    ## [190]  {dessert}                  => {rolls/buns}            0.006812405  0.1835616 0.9979706    67
    ## [191]  {dessert}                  => {other vegetables}      0.011591256  0.3123288 1.6141636   114
    ## [192]  {dessert}                  => {whole milk}            0.013726487  0.3698630 1.4475140   135
    ## [193]  {canned beer}              => {soda}                  0.013828165  0.1780105 1.0208356   136
    ## [194]  {cream cheese}             => {whipped/sour cream}    0.006405694  0.1615385 2.2535188    63
    ## [195]  {cream cheese}             => {pip fruit}             0.006100661  0.1538462 2.0337055    60
    ## [196]  {cream cheese}             => {tropical fruit}        0.007219115  0.1820513 1.7349558    71
    ## [197]  {cream cheese}             => {root vegetables}       0.007524148  0.1897436 1.7407912    74
    ## [198]  {cream cheese}             => {soda}                  0.006812405  0.1717949 0.9851910    67
    ## [199]  {cream cheese}             => {yogurt}                0.012404677  0.3128205 2.2424123   122
    ## [200]  {cream cheese}             => {rolls/buns}            0.009964413  0.2512821 1.3661465    98
    ## [201]  {cream cheese}             => {other vegetables}      0.013726487  0.3461538 1.7889769   135
    ## [202]  {cream cheese}             => {whole milk}            0.016471784  0.4153846 1.6256696   162
    ## [203]  {chicken}                  => {frozen vegetables}     0.006710727  0.1563981 3.2519564    66
    ## [204]  {chicken}                  => {whipped/sour cream}    0.007219115  0.1682464 2.3470976    71
    ## [205]  {chicken}                  => {citrus fruit}          0.006914082  0.1611374 1.9469124    68
    ## [206]  {chicken}                  => {root vegetables}       0.010879512  0.2535545 2.3262206   107
    ## [207]  {chicken}                  => {soda}                  0.008337570  0.1943128 1.1143244    82
    ## [208]  {chicken}                  => {yogurt}                0.008337570  0.1943128 1.3929055    82
    ## [209]  {chicken}                  => {rolls/buns}            0.009659380  0.2251185 1.2239029    95
    ## [210]  {chicken}                  => {other vegetables}      0.017895272  0.4170616 2.1554393   176
    ## [211]  {chicken}                  => {whole milk}            0.017590239  0.4099526 1.6044106   173
    ## [212]  {white bread}              => {fruit/vegetable juice} 0.007422471  0.1763285 2.4390869    73
    ## [213]  {white bread}              => {pip fruit}             0.006609049  0.1570048 2.0754604    65
    ## [214]  {white bread}              => {shopping bags}         0.007422471  0.1763285 1.7896706    73
    ## [215]  {white bread}              => {sausage}               0.007219115  0.1714976 1.8254099    71
    ## [216]  {white bread}              => {tropical fruit}        0.008744281  0.2077295 1.9796699    86
    ## [217]  {white bread}              => {root vegetables}       0.007930859  0.1884058 1.7285177    78
    ## [218]  {white bread}              => {soda}                  0.010269446  0.2439614 1.3990437   101
    ## [219]  {white bread}              => {yogurt}                0.009049314  0.2149758 1.5410258    89
    ## [220]  {white bread}              => {rolls/buns}            0.006507372  0.1545894 0.8404569    64
    ## [221]  {white bread}              => {other vegetables}      0.013726487  0.3260870 1.6852681   135
    ## [222]  {white bread}              => {whole milk}            0.017081851  0.4057971 1.5881474   168
    ## [223]  {chocolate}                => {pastry}                0.008032537  0.1618852 1.8195902    79
    ## [224]  {chocolate}                => {shopping bags}         0.008134215  0.1639344 1.6638752    80
    ## [225]  {chocolate}                => {tropical fruit}        0.008134215  0.1639344 1.5623014    80
    ## [226]  {chocolate}                => {soda}                  0.013523132  0.2725410 1.5629391   133
    ## [227]  {chocolate}                => {yogurt}                0.009252669  0.1864754 1.3367242    91
    ## [228]  {chocolate}                => {rolls/buns}            0.011794611  0.2377049 1.2923316   116
    ## [229]  {chocolate}                => {other vegetables}      0.012709710  0.2561475 1.3238103   125
    ## [230]  {chocolate}                => {whole milk}            0.016675140  0.3360656 1.3152427   164
    ## [231]  {coffee}                   => {shopping bags}         0.009354347  0.1611208 1.6353183    92
    ## [232]  {coffee}                   => {soda}                  0.009964413  0.1716287 0.9842382    98
    ## [233]  {coffee}                   => {yogurt}                0.009761057  0.1681261 1.2051896    96
    ## [234]  {coffee}                   => {rolls/buns}            0.010981190  0.1891419 1.0283085   108
    ## [235]  {coffee}                   => {other vegetables}      0.013421454  0.2311734 1.1947400   132
    ## [236]  {coffee}                   => {whole milk}            0.018708693  0.3222417 1.2611408   184
    ## [237]  {frozen vegetables}        => {fruit/vegetable juice} 0.007829181  0.1627907 2.2518235    77
    ## [238]  {frozen vegetables}        => {whipped/sour cream}    0.007930859  0.1649049 2.3004813    78
    ## [239]  {frozen vegetables}        => {pip fruit}             0.007320793  0.1522199 2.0122076    72
    ## [240]  {frozen vegetables}        => {tropical fruit}        0.008744281  0.1818182 1.7327343    86
    ## [241]  {frozen vegetables}        => {root vegetables}       0.011591256  0.2410148 2.2111759   114
    ## [242]  {frozen vegetables}        => {soda}                  0.008642603  0.1797040 1.0305475    85
    ## [243]  {frozen vegetables}        => {yogurt}                0.012404677  0.2579281 1.8489235   122
    ## [244]  {frozen vegetables}        => {rolls/buns}            0.010167768  0.2114165 1.1494092   100
    ## [245]  {frozen vegetables}        => {other vegetables}      0.017793594  0.3699789 1.9121083   175
    ## [246]  {frozen vegetables}        => {whole milk}            0.020437214  0.4249471 1.6630940   201
    ## [247]  {beef}                     => {citrus fruit}          0.008439248  0.1608527 1.9434723    83
    ## [248]  {beef}                     => {root vegetables}       0.017386884  0.3313953 3.0403668   171
    ## [249]  {root vegetables}          => {beef}                  0.017386884  0.1595149 3.0403668   171
    ## [250]  {beef}                     => {soda}                  0.008134215  0.1550388 0.8890998    80
    ## [251]  {beef}                     => {yogurt}                0.011692933  0.2228682 1.5976012   115
    ## [252]  {beef}                     => {rolls/buns}            0.013624809  0.2596899 1.4118576   134
    ## [253]  {beef}                     => {other vegetables}      0.019725470  0.3759690 1.9430662   194
    ## [254]  {beef}                     => {whole milk}            0.021250635  0.4050388 1.5851795   209
    ## [255]  {curd}                     => {whipped/sour cream}    0.010472801  0.1965649 2.7421499   103
    ## [256]  {curd}                     => {tropical fruit}        0.010269446  0.1927481 1.8368968   101
    ## [257]  {curd}                     => {root vegetables}       0.010879512  0.2041985 1.8734067   107
    ## [258]  {curd}                     => {soda}                  0.008134215  0.1526718 0.8755258    80
    ## [259]  {curd}                     => {yogurt}                0.017285206  0.3244275 2.3256154   170
    ## [260]  {curd}                     => {rolls/buns}            0.010066090  0.1889313 1.0271638    99
    ## [261]  {curd}                     => {other vegetables}      0.017183528  0.3225191 1.6668288   169
    ## [262]  {curd}                     => {whole milk}            0.026131164  0.4904580 1.9194805   257
    ## [263]  {napkins}                  => {bottled water}         0.008642603  0.1650485 1.4933325    85
    ## [264]  {napkins}                  => {tropical fruit}        0.010066090  0.1922330 1.8319880    99
    ## [265]  {napkins}                  => {root vegetables}       0.009964413  0.1902913 1.7458158    98
    ## [266]  {napkins}                  => {soda}                  0.011997966  0.2291262 1.3139687   118
    ## [267]  {napkins}                  => {yogurt}                0.012302999  0.2349515 1.6842183   121
    ## [268]  {napkins}                  => {rolls/buns}            0.011692933  0.2233010 1.2140216   115
    ## [269]  {napkins}                  => {other vegetables}      0.014438231  0.2757282 1.4250060   142
    ## [270]  {napkins}                  => {whole milk}            0.019725470  0.3766990 1.4742678   194
    ## [271]  {pork}                     => {root vegetables}       0.013624809  0.2363316 2.1682099   134
    ## [272]  {pork}                     => {soda}                  0.011896289  0.2063492 1.1833495   117
    ## [273]  {pork}                     => {yogurt}                0.009557702  0.1657848 1.1884066    94
    ## [274]  {pork}                     => {rolls/buns}            0.011286223  0.1957672 1.0643286   111
    ## [275]  {pork}                     => {other vegetables}      0.021657346  0.3756614 1.9414764   213
    ## [276]  {pork}                     => {whole milk}            0.022165735  0.3844797 1.5047187   218
    ## [277]  {frankfurter}              => {sausage}               0.010066090  0.1706897 1.8168103    99
    ## [278]  {frankfurter}              => {tropical fruit}        0.009456024  0.1603448 1.5280924    93
    ## [279]  {frankfurter}              => {root vegetables}       0.010167768  0.1724138 1.5818001   100
    ## [280]  {frankfurter}              => {soda}                  0.011286223  0.1913793 1.0975018   111
    ## [281]  {frankfurter}              => {yogurt}                0.011184545  0.1896552 1.3595179   110
    ## [282]  {frankfurter}              => {rolls/buns}            0.019217082  0.3258621 1.7716161   189
    ## [283]  {frankfurter}              => {other vegetables}      0.016471784  0.2793103 1.4435193   162
    ## [284]  {frankfurter}              => {whole milk}            0.020538892  0.3482759 1.3630295   202
    ## [285]  {bottled beer}             => {bottled water}         0.015760041  0.1957071 1.7707259   155
    ## [286]  {bottled beer}             => {soda}                  0.016980173  0.2108586 1.2092094   167
    ## [287]  {bottled beer}             => {rolls/buns}            0.013624809  0.1691919 0.9198466   134
    ## [288]  {bottled beer}             => {other vegetables}      0.016166751  0.2007576 1.0375464   159
    ## [289]  {bottled beer}             => {whole milk}            0.020437214  0.2537879 0.9932367   201
    ## [290]  {brown bread}              => {sausage}               0.010676157  0.1645768 1.7517455   105
    ## [291]  {brown bread}              => {tropical fruit}        0.010676157  0.1645768 1.5684233   105
    ## [292]  {brown bread}              => {root vegetables}       0.010167768  0.1567398 1.4380000   100
    ## [293]  {brown bread}              => {soda}                  0.012608033  0.1943574 1.1145800   124
    ## [294]  {brown bread}              => {yogurt}                0.014539908  0.2241379 1.6067030   143
    ## [295]  {brown bread}              => {rolls/buns}            0.012608033  0.1943574 1.0566637   124
    ## [296]  {brown bread}              => {other vegetables}      0.018708693  0.2884013 1.4905025   184
    ## [297]  {brown bread}              => {whole milk}            0.025216065  0.3887147 1.5212930   248
    ## [298]  {margarine}                => {bottled water}         0.010269446  0.1753472 1.5865133   101
    ## [299]  {margarine}                => {tropical fruit}        0.009354347  0.1597222 1.5221590    92
    ## [300]  {margarine}                => {root vegetables}       0.011082867  0.1892361 1.7361354   109
    ## [301]  {margarine}                => {soda}                  0.010167768  0.1736111 0.9956066   100
    ## [302]  {margarine}                => {yogurt}                0.014234875  0.2430556 1.7423115   140
    ## [303]  {margarine}                => {rolls/buns}            0.014743264  0.2517361 1.3686151   145
    ## [304]  {margarine}                => {other vegetables}      0.019725470  0.3368056 1.7406635   194
    ## [305]  {margarine}                => {whole milk}            0.024199288  0.4131944 1.6170980   238
    ## [306]  {butter}                   => {domestic eggs}         0.009659380  0.1743119 2.7473683    95
    ## [307]  {domestic eggs}            => {butter}                0.009659380  0.1522436 2.7473683    95
    ## [308]  {butter}                   => {whipped/sour cream}    0.010167768  0.1834862 2.5596981   100
    ## [309]  {butter}                   => {citrus fruit}          0.009150991  0.1651376 1.9952438    90
    ## [310]  {butter}                   => {sausage}               0.008642603  0.1559633 1.6600639    85
    ## [311]  {butter}                   => {bottled water}         0.008947636  0.1614679 1.4609353    88
    ## [312]  {butter}                   => {tropical fruit}        0.009964413  0.1798165 1.7136583    98
    ## [313]  {butter}                   => {root vegetables}       0.012913066  0.2330275 2.1378971   127
    ## [314]  {butter}                   => {soda}                  0.008845958  0.1596330 0.9154465    87
    ## [315]  {butter}                   => {yogurt}                0.014641586  0.2642202 1.8940273   144
    ## [316]  {butter}                   => {rolls/buns}            0.013421454  0.2422018 1.3167800   132
    ## [317]  {butter}                   => {other vegetables}      0.020030503  0.3614679 1.8681223   197
    ## [318]  {butter}                   => {whole milk}            0.027554652  0.4972477 1.9460530   271
    ## [319]  {newspapers}               => {soda}                  0.014641586  0.1834395 1.0519693   144
    ## [320]  {newspapers}               => {yogurt}                0.015353330  0.1923567 1.3788834   151
    ## [321]  {newspapers}               => {rolls/buns}            0.019725470  0.2471338 1.3435934   194
    ## [322]  {newspapers}               => {other vegetables}      0.019318760  0.2420382 1.2508912   190
    ## [323]  {newspapers}               => {whole milk}            0.027351296  0.3426752 1.3411103   269
    ## [324]  {domestic eggs}            => {whipped/sour cream}    0.009964413  0.1570513 2.1909211    98
    ## [325]  {domestic eggs}            => {citrus fruit}          0.010371124  0.1634615 1.9749929   102
    ## [326]  {domestic eggs}            => {sausage}               0.009557702  0.1506410 1.6034139    94
    ## [327]  {domestic eggs}            => {tropical fruit}        0.011387900  0.1794872 1.7105198   112
    ## [328]  {domestic eggs}            => {root vegetables}       0.014336553  0.2259615 2.0730706   141
    ## [329]  {domestic eggs}            => {soda}                  0.012404677  0.1955128 1.1212062   122
    ## [330]  {domestic eggs}            => {yogurt}                0.014336553  0.2259615 1.6197753   141
    ## [331]  {domestic eggs}            => {rolls/buns}            0.015658363  0.2467949 1.3417510   154
    ## [332]  {domestic eggs}            => {other vegetables}      0.022267412  0.3509615 1.8138238   219
    ## [333]  {domestic eggs}            => {whole milk}            0.029994916  0.4727564 1.8502027   295
    ## [334]  {fruit/vegetable juice}    => {bottled water}         0.014234875  0.1969058 1.7815715   140
    ## [335]  {fruit/vegetable juice}    => {tropical fruit}        0.013726487  0.1898734 1.8095010   135
    ## [336]  {fruit/vegetable juice}    => {root vegetables}       0.011997966  0.1659634 1.5226216   118
    ## [337]  {fruit/vegetable juice}    => {soda}                  0.018403660  0.2545710 1.4598869   181
    ## [338]  {fruit/vegetable juice}    => {yogurt}                0.018708693  0.2587904 1.8551049   184
    ## [339]  {fruit/vegetable juice}    => {rolls/buns}            0.014539908  0.2011252 1.0934583   143
    ## [340]  {fruit/vegetable juice}    => {other vegetables}      0.021047280  0.2911392 1.5046529   207
    ## [341]  {fruit/vegetable juice}    => {whole milk}            0.026639553  0.3684951 1.4421604   262
    ## [342]  {whipped/sour cream}       => {citrus fruit}          0.010879512  0.1517730 1.8337690   107
    ## [343]  {whipped/sour cream}       => {tropical fruit}        0.013828165  0.1929078 1.8384188   136
    ## [344]  {whipped/sour cream}       => {root vegetables}       0.017081851  0.2382979 2.1862496   168
    ## [345]  {root vegetables}          => {whipped/sour cream}    0.017081851  0.1567164 2.1862496   168
    ## [346]  {whipped/sour cream}       => {soda}                  0.011591256  0.1617021 0.9273122   114
    ## [347]  {whipped/sour cream}       => {yogurt}                0.020742247  0.2893617 2.0742510   204
    ## [348]  {whipped/sour cream}       => {rolls/buns}            0.014641586  0.2042553 1.1104760   144
    ## [349]  {whipped/sour cream}       => {other vegetables}      0.028876462  0.4028369 2.0819237   284
    ## [350]  {whipped/sour cream}       => {whole milk}            0.032231825  0.4496454 1.7597542   317
    ## [351]  {pip fruit}                => {citrus fruit}          0.013828165  0.1827957 2.2085942   136
    ## [352]  {citrus fruit}             => {pip fruit}             0.013828165  0.1670762 2.2085942   136
    ## [353]  {pip fruit}                => {tropical fruit}        0.020437214  0.2701613 2.5746476   201
    ## [354]  {tropical fruit}           => {pip fruit}             0.020437214  0.1947674 2.5746476   201
    ## [355]  {pip fruit}                => {root vegetables}       0.015556685  0.2056452 1.8866793   153
    ## [356]  {pip fruit}                => {soda}                  0.013319776  0.1760753 1.0097378   131
    ## [357]  {pip fruit}                => {yogurt}                0.017996950  0.2379032 1.7053777   177
    ## [358]  {pip fruit}                => {rolls/buns}            0.013929842  0.1841398 1.0011138   137
    ## [359]  {pip fruit}                => {other vegetables}      0.026131164  0.3454301 1.7852365   257
    ## [360]  {pip fruit}                => {whole milk}            0.030096594  0.3978495 1.5570432   296
    ## [361]  {pastry}                   => {soda}                  0.021047280  0.2365714 1.3566647   207
    ## [362]  {pastry}                   => {yogurt}                0.017691917  0.1988571 1.4254810   174
    ## [363]  {pastry}                   => {rolls/buns}            0.020945602  0.2354286 1.2799558   206
    ## [364]  {pastry}                   => {other vegetables}      0.022572445  0.2537143 1.3112349   222
    ## [365]  {pastry}                   => {whole milk}            0.033248602  0.3737143 1.4625865   327
    ## [366]  {citrus fruit}             => {bottled water}         0.013523132  0.1633907 1.4783323   133
    ## [367]  {citrus fruit}             => {tropical fruit}        0.019928826  0.2407862 2.2947022   196
    ## [368]  {tropical fruit}           => {citrus fruit}          0.019928826  0.1899225 2.2947022   196
    ## [369]  {citrus fruit}             => {root vegetables}       0.017691917  0.2137592 1.9611211   174
    ## [370]  {root vegetables}          => {citrus fruit}          0.017691917  0.1623134 1.9611211   174
    ## [371]  {citrus fruit}             => {soda}                  0.012811388  0.1547912 0.8876799   126
    ## [372]  {citrus fruit}             => {yogurt}                0.021657346  0.2616708 1.8757521   213
    ## [373]  {yogurt}                   => {citrus fruit}          0.021657346  0.1552478 1.8757521   213
    ## [374]  {citrus fruit}             => {rolls/buns}            0.016776817  0.2027027 1.1020349   165
    ## [375]  {citrus fruit}             => {other vegetables}      0.028876462  0.3488943 1.8031403   284
    ## [376]  {citrus fruit}             => {whole milk}            0.030503305  0.3685504 1.4423768   300
    ## [377]  {shopping bags}            => {sausage}               0.015658363  0.1589267 1.6916065   154
    ## [378]  {sausage}                  => {shopping bags}         0.015658363  0.1666667 1.6916065   154
    ## [379]  {shopping bags}            => {soda}                  0.024605999  0.2497420 1.4321939   242
    ## [380]  {shopping bags}            => {yogurt}                0.015251652  0.1547988 1.1096544   150
    ## [381]  {shopping bags}            => {rolls/buns}            0.019522115  0.1981424 1.0772419   192
    ## [382]  {shopping bags}            => {other vegetables}      0.023182511  0.2352941 1.2160366   228
    ## [383]  {shopping bags}            => {whole milk}            0.024504321  0.2487100 0.9733637   241
    ## [384]  {sausage}                  => {root vegetables}       0.014946619  0.1590909 1.4595700   147
    ## [385]  {sausage}                  => {soda}                  0.024300966  0.2586580 1.4833245   239
    ## [386]  {sausage}                  => {yogurt}                0.019623793  0.2088745 1.4972889   193
    ## [387]  {sausage}                  => {rolls/buns}            0.030604982  0.3257576 1.7710480   301
    ## [388]  {rolls/buns}               => {sausage}               0.030604982  0.1663903 1.7710480   301
    ## [389]  {sausage}                  => {other vegetables}      0.026944586  0.2867965 1.4822091   265
    ## [390]  {sausage}                  => {whole milk}            0.029893238  0.3181818 1.2452520   294
    ## [391]  {bottled water}            => {tropical fruit}        0.018505338  0.1674333 1.5956459   182
    ## [392]  {tropical fruit}           => {bottled water}         0.018505338  0.1763566 1.5956459   182
    ## [393]  {bottled water}            => {soda}                  0.028978139  0.2621895 1.5035766   285
    ## [394]  {soda}                     => {bottled water}         0.028978139  0.1661808 1.5035766   285
    ## [395]  {bottled water}            => {yogurt}                0.022979156  0.2079117 1.4903873   226
    ## [396]  {yogurt}                   => {bottled water}         0.022979156  0.1647230 1.4903873   226
    ## [397]  {bottled water}            => {rolls/buns}            0.024199288  0.2189512 1.1903734   238
    ## [398]  {bottled water}            => {other vegetables}      0.024809354  0.2244710 1.1601012   244
    ## [399]  {bottled water}            => {whole milk}            0.034367056  0.3109476 1.2169396   338
    ## [400]  {tropical fruit}           => {root vegetables}       0.021047280  0.2005814 1.8402220   207
    ## [401]  {root vegetables}          => {tropical fruit}        0.021047280  0.1930970 1.8402220   207
    ## [402]  {tropical fruit}           => {soda}                  0.020843925  0.1986434 1.1391592   205
    ## [403]  {tropical fruit}           => {yogurt}                0.029283172  0.2790698 2.0004746   288
    ## [404]  {yogurt}                   => {tropical fruit}        0.029283172  0.2099125 2.0004746   288
    ## [405]  {tropical fruit}           => {rolls/buns}            0.024605999  0.2344961 1.2748863   242
    ## [406]  {tropical fruit}           => {other vegetables}      0.035892222  0.3420543 1.7677896   353
    ## [407]  {other vegetables}         => {tropical fruit}        0.035892222  0.1854966 1.7677896   353
    ## [408]  {tropical fruit}           => {whole milk}            0.042297916  0.4031008 1.5775950   416
    ## [409]  {whole milk}               => {tropical fruit}        0.042297916  0.1655392 1.5775950   416
    ## [410]  {root vegetables}          => {soda}                  0.018607016  0.1707090 0.9789636   183
    ## [411]  {root vegetables}          => {yogurt}                0.025826131  0.2369403 1.6984751   254
    ## [412]  {yogurt}                   => {root vegetables}       0.025826131  0.1851312 1.6984751   254
    ## [413]  {root vegetables}          => {rolls/buns}            0.024300966  0.2229478 1.2121013   239
    ## [414]  {root vegetables}          => {other vegetables}      0.047381800  0.4347015 2.2466049   466
    ## [415]  {other vegetables}         => {root vegetables}       0.047381800  0.2448765 2.2466049   466
    ## [416]  {root vegetables}          => {whole milk}            0.048906965  0.4486940 1.7560310   481
    ## [417]  {whole milk}               => {root vegetables}       0.048906965  0.1914047 1.7560310   481
    ## [418]  {soda}                     => {yogurt}                0.027351296  0.1568513 1.1243678   269
    ## [419]  {yogurt}                   => {soda}                  0.027351296  0.1960641 1.1243678   269
    ## [420]  {soda}                     => {rolls/buns}            0.038332486  0.2198251 1.1951242   377
    ## [421]  {rolls/buns}               => {soda}                  0.038332486  0.2084024 1.1951242   377
    ## [422]  {soda}                     => {other vegetables}      0.032740214  0.1877551 0.9703476   322
    ## [423]  {other vegetables}         => {soda}                  0.032740214  0.1692065 0.9703476   322
    ## [424]  {soda}                     => {whole milk}            0.040061007  0.2297376 0.8991124   394
    ## [425]  {whole milk}               => {soda}                  0.040061007  0.1567847 0.8991124   394
    ## [426]  {yogurt}                   => {rolls/buns}            0.034367056  0.2463557 1.3393633   338
    ## [427]  {rolls/buns}               => {yogurt}                0.034367056  0.1868436 1.3393633   338
    ## [428]  {yogurt}                   => {other vegetables}      0.043416370  0.3112245 1.6084566   427
    ## [429]  {other vegetables}         => {yogurt}                0.043416370  0.2243826 1.6084566   427
    ## [430]  {yogurt}                   => {whole milk}            0.056024403  0.4016035 1.5717351   551
    ## [431]  {whole milk}               => {yogurt}                0.056024403  0.2192598 1.5717351   551
    ## [432]  {rolls/buns}               => {other vegetables}      0.042602949  0.2316197 1.1970465   419
    ## [433]  {other vegetables}         => {rolls/buns}            0.042602949  0.2201787 1.1970465   419
    ## [434]  {rolls/buns}               => {whole milk}            0.056634469  0.3079049 1.2050318   557
    ## [435]  {whole milk}               => {rolls/buns}            0.056634469  0.2216474 1.2050318   557
    ## [436]  {other vegetables}         => {whole milk}            0.074834774  0.3867578 1.5136341   736
    ## [437]  {whole milk}               => {other vegetables}      0.074834774  0.2928770 1.5136341   736
    ## [438]  {oil,                                                                                       
    ##         other vegetables}         => {whole milk}            0.005083884  0.5102041 1.9967597    50
    ## [439]  {oil,                                                                                       
    ##         whole milk}               => {other vegetables}      0.005083884  0.4504505 2.3279980    50
    ## [440]  {onions,                                                                                    
    ##         root vegetables}          => {other vegetables}      0.005693950  0.6021505 3.1120076    56
    ## [441]  {onions,                                                                                    
    ##         other vegetables}         => {root vegetables}       0.005693950  0.4000000 3.6697761    56
    ## [442]  {onions,                                                                                    
    ##         other vegetables}         => {whole milk}            0.006609049  0.4642857 1.8170513    65
    ## [443]  {onions,                                                                                    
    ##         whole milk}               => {other vegetables}      0.006609049  0.5462185 2.8229421    65
    ## [444]  {hamburger meat,                                                                            
    ##         other vegetables}         => {whole milk}            0.006304016  0.4558824 1.7841635    62
    ## [445]  {hamburger meat,                                                                            
    ##         whole milk}               => {other vegetables}      0.006304016  0.4275862 2.2098320    62
    ## [446]  {hygiene articles,                                                                          
    ##         other vegetables}         => {whole milk}            0.005185562  0.5425532 2.1233628    51
    ## [447]  {hygiene articles,                                                                          
    ##         whole milk}               => {other vegetables}      0.005185562  0.4047619 2.0918725    51
    ## [448]  {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         sugar}                    => {whole milk}            0.006304016  0.5849057 2.2891155    62
    ## [449]  {sugar,                                                                                     
    ##         whole milk}               => {other vegetables}      0.006304016  0.4189189 2.1650381    62
    ## [450]  {long life bakery product,                                                                  
    ##         other vegetables}         => {whole milk}            0.005693950  0.5333333 2.0872795    56
    ## [451]  {long life bakery product,                                                                  
    ##         whole milk}               => {other vegetables}      0.005693950  0.4210526 2.1760655    56
    ## [452]  {cream cheese,                                                                              
    ##         yogurt}                   => {other vegetables}      0.005287239  0.4262295 2.2028204    52
    ## [453]  {cream cheese,                                                                              
    ##         other vegetables}         => {yogurt}                0.005287239  0.3851852 2.7611489    52
    ## [454]  {cream cheese,                                                                              
    ##         yogurt}                   => {whole milk}            0.006609049  0.5327869 2.0851409    65
    ## [455]  {cream cheese,                                                                              
    ##         whole milk}               => {yogurt}                0.006609049  0.4012346 2.8761968    65
    ## [456]  {cream cheese,                                                                              
    ##         other vegetables}         => {whole milk}            0.006710727  0.4888889 1.9133395    66
    ## [457]  {cream cheese,                                                                              
    ##         whole milk}               => {other vegetables}      0.006710727  0.4074074 2.1055449    66
    ## [458]  {chicken,                                                                                   
    ##         root vegetables}          => {other vegetables}      0.005693950  0.5233645 2.7048291    56
    ## [459]  {chicken,                                                                                   
    ##         other vegetables}         => {root vegetables}       0.005693950  0.3181818 2.9191401    56
    ## [460]  {chicken,                                                                                   
    ##         root vegetables}          => {whole milk}            0.005998983  0.5514019 2.1579934    59
    ## [461]  {chicken,                                                                                   
    ##         whole milk}               => {root vegetables}       0.005998983  0.3410405 3.1288554    59
    ## [462]  {chicken,                                                                                   
    ##         rolls/buns}               => {whole milk}            0.005287239  0.5473684 2.1422079    52
    ## [463]  {chicken,                                                                                   
    ##         whole milk}               => {rolls/buns}            0.005287239  0.3005780 1.6341542    52
    ## [464]  {chicken,                                                                                   
    ##         other vegetables}         => {whole milk}            0.008439248  0.4715909 1.8456413    83
    ## [465]  {chicken,                                                                                   
    ##         whole milk}               => {other vegetables}      0.008439248  0.4797688 2.4795197    83
    ## [466]  {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         white bread}              => {whole milk}            0.005897306  0.4296296 1.6814196    58
    ## [467]  {white bread,                                                                               
    ##         whole milk}               => {other vegetables}      0.005897306  0.3452381 1.7842442    58
    ## [468]  {chocolate,                                                                                 
    ##         soda}                     => {whole milk}            0.005083884  0.3759398 1.4712966    50
    ## [469]  {chocolate,                                                                                 
    ##         whole milk}               => {soda}                  0.005083884  0.3048780 1.7483823    50
    ## [470]  {chocolate,                                                                                 
    ##         other vegetables}         => {whole milk}            0.005490595  0.4320000 1.6906964    54
    ## [471]  {chocolate,                                                                                 
    ##         whole milk}               => {other vegetables}      0.005490595  0.3292683 1.7017098    54
    ## [472]  {coffee,                                                                                    
    ##         yogurt}                   => {whole milk}            0.005083884  0.5208333 2.0383589    50
    ## [473]  {coffee,                                                                                    
    ##         whole milk}               => {yogurt}                0.005083884  0.2717391 1.9479259    50
    ## [474]  {coffee,                                                                                    
    ##         other vegetables}         => {whole milk}            0.006405694  0.4772727 1.8678779    63
    ## [475]  {coffee,                                                                                    
    ##         whole milk}               => {other vegetables}      0.006405694  0.3423913 1.7695315    63
    ## [476]  {frozen vegetables,                                                                         
    ##         root vegetables}          => {other vegetables}      0.006100661  0.5263158 2.7200819    60
    ## [477]  {frozen vegetables,                                                                         
    ##         other vegetables}         => {root vegetables}       0.006100661  0.3428571 3.1455224    60
    ## [478]  {frozen vegetables,                                                                         
    ##         root vegetables}          => {whole milk}            0.006202339  0.5350877 2.0941455    61
    ## [479]  {frozen vegetables,                                                                         
    ##         whole milk}               => {root vegetables}       0.006202339  0.3034826 2.7842829    61
    ## [480]  {frozen vegetables,                                                                         
    ##         yogurt}                   => {other vegetables}      0.005287239  0.4262295 2.2028204    52
    ## [481]  {frozen vegetables,                                                                         
    ##         other vegetables}         => {yogurt}                0.005287239  0.2971429 2.1300292    52
    ## [482]  {frozen vegetables,                                                                         
    ##         yogurt}                   => {whole milk}            0.006100661  0.4918033 1.9247454    60
    ## [483]  {frozen vegetables,                                                                         
    ##         whole milk}               => {yogurt}                0.006100661  0.2985075 2.1398111    60
    ## [484]  {frozen vegetables,                                                                         
    ##         rolls/buns}               => {whole milk}            0.005083884  0.5000000 1.9568245    50
    ## [485]  {frozen vegetables,                                                                         
    ##         whole milk}               => {rolls/buns}            0.005083884  0.2487562 1.3524143    50
    ## [486]  {frozen vegetables,                                                                         
    ##         other vegetables}         => {whole milk}            0.009659380  0.5428571 2.1245523    95
    ## [487]  {frozen vegetables,                                                                         
    ##         whole milk}               => {other vegetables}      0.009659380  0.4726368 2.4426606    95
    ## [488]  {beef,                                                                                      
    ##         root vegetables}          => {other vegetables}      0.007930859  0.4561404 2.3574043    78
    ## [489]  {beef,                                                                                      
    ##         other vegetables}         => {root vegetables}       0.007930859  0.4020619 3.6886925    78
    ## [490]  {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         root vegetables}          => {beef}                  0.007930859  0.1673820 3.1903134    78
    ## [491]  {beef,                                                                                      
    ##         root vegetables}          => {whole milk}            0.008032537  0.4619883 1.8080601    79
    ## [492]  {beef,                                                                                      
    ##         whole milk}               => {root vegetables}       0.008032537  0.3779904 3.4678506    79
    ## [493]  {root vegetables,                                                                           
    ##         whole milk}               => {beef}                  0.008032537  0.1642412 3.1304493    79
    ## [494]  {beef,                                                                                      
    ##         yogurt}                   => {other vegetables}      0.005185562  0.4434783 2.2919646    51
    ## [495]  {beef,                                                                                      
    ##         other vegetables}         => {yogurt}                0.005185562  0.2628866 1.8844677    51
    ## [496]  {beef,                                                                                      
    ##         yogurt}                   => {whole milk}            0.006100661  0.5217391 2.0419038    60
    ## [497]  {beef,                                                                                      
    ##         whole milk}               => {yogurt}                0.006100661  0.2870813 2.0579045    60
    ## [498]  {beef,                                                                                      
    ##         rolls/buns}               => {other vegetables}      0.005795628  0.4253731 2.1983945    57
    ## [499]  {beef,                                                                                      
    ##         other vegetables}         => {rolls/buns}            0.005795628  0.2938144 1.5973825    57
    ## [500]  {beef,                                                                                      
    ##         rolls/buns}               => {whole milk}            0.006812405  0.5000000 1.9568245    67
    ## [501]  {beef,                                                                                      
    ##         whole milk}               => {rolls/buns}            0.006812405  0.3205742 1.7428673    67
    ## [502]  {beef,                                                                                      
    ##         other vegetables}         => {whole milk}            0.009252669  0.4690722 1.8357838    91
    ## [503]  {beef,                                                                                      
    ##         whole milk}               => {other vegetables}      0.009252669  0.4354067 2.2502495    91
    ## [504]  {curd,                                                                                      
    ##         whipped/sour cream}       => {whole milk}            0.005897306  0.5631068 2.2038024    58
    ## [505]  {curd,                                                                                      
    ##         whole milk}               => {whipped/sour cream}    0.005897306  0.2256809 3.1483291    58
    ## [506]  {whipped/sour cream,                                                                        
    ##         whole milk}               => {curd}                  0.005897306  0.1829653 3.4340911    58
    ## [507]  {curd,                                                                                      
    ##         tropical fruit}           => {yogurt}                0.005287239  0.5148515 3.6906446    52
    ## [508]  {curd,                                                                                      
    ##         yogurt}                   => {tropical fruit}        0.005287239  0.3058824 2.9150707    52
    ## [509]  {tropical fruit,                                                                            
    ##         yogurt}                   => {curd}                  0.005287239  0.1805556 3.3888624    52
    ## [510]  {curd,                                                                                      
    ##         tropical fruit}           => {other vegetables}      0.005287239  0.5148515 2.6608326    52
    ## [511]  {curd,                                                                                      
    ##         other vegetables}         => {tropical fruit}        0.005287239  0.3076923 2.9323196    52
    ## [512]  {curd,                                                                                      
    ##         tropical fruit}           => {whole milk}            0.006507372  0.6336634 2.4799360    64
    ## [513]  {curd,                                                                                      
    ##         whole milk}               => {tropical fruit}        0.006507372  0.2490272 2.3732392    64
    ## [514]  {tropical fruit,                                                                            
    ##         whole milk}               => {curd}                  0.006507372  0.1538462 2.8875514    64
    ## [515]  {curd,                                                                                      
    ##         root vegetables}          => {other vegetables}      0.005490595  0.5046729 2.6082280    54
    ## [516]  {curd,                                                                                      
    ##         other vegetables}         => {root vegetables}       0.005490595  0.3195266 2.9314780    54
    ## [517]  {curd,                                                                                      
    ##         root vegetables}          => {whole milk}            0.006202339  0.5700935 2.2311457    61
    ## [518]  {curd,                                                                                      
    ##         whole milk}               => {root vegetables}       0.006202339  0.2373541 2.1775909    61
    ## [519]  {curd,                                                                                      
    ##         yogurt}                   => {other vegetables}      0.006100661  0.3529412 1.8240549    60
    ## [520]  {curd,                                                                                      
    ##         other vegetables}         => {yogurt}                0.006100661  0.3550296 2.5449825    60
    ## [521]  {curd,                                                                                      
    ##         yogurt}                   => {whole milk}            0.010066090  0.5823529 2.2791250    99
    ## [522]  {curd,                                                                                      
    ##         whole milk}               => {yogurt}                0.010066090  0.3852140 2.7613555    99
    ## [523]  {whole milk,                                                                                
    ##         yogurt}                   => {curd}                  0.010066090  0.1796733 3.3723037    99
    ## [524]  {curd,                                                                                      
    ##         rolls/buns}               => {whole milk}            0.005897306  0.5858586 2.2928449    58
    ## [525]  {curd,                                                                                      
    ##         whole milk}               => {rolls/buns}            0.005897306  0.2256809 1.2269607    58
    ## [526]  {curd,                                                                                      
    ##         other vegetables}         => {whole milk}            0.009862735  0.5739645 2.2462956    97
    ## [527]  {curd,                                                                                      
    ##         whole milk}               => {other vegetables}      0.009862735  0.3774319 1.9506268    97
    ## [528]  {napkins,                                                                                   
    ##         yogurt}                   => {whole milk}            0.006100661  0.4958678 1.9406524    60
    ## [529]  {napkins,                                                                                   
    ##         whole milk}               => {yogurt}                0.006100661  0.3092784 2.2170208    60
    ## [530]  {napkins,                                                                                   
    ##         rolls/buns}               => {whole milk}            0.005287239  0.4521739 1.7696500    52
    ## [531]  {napkins,                                                                                   
    ##         whole milk}               => {rolls/buns}            0.005287239  0.2680412 1.4572612    52
    ## [532]  {napkins,                                                                                   
    ##         other vegetables}         => {whole milk}            0.006812405  0.4718310 1.8465809    67
    ## [533]  {napkins,                                                                                   
    ##         whole milk}               => {other vegetables}      0.006812405  0.3453608 1.7848785    67
    ## [534]  {pork,                                                                                      
    ##         root vegetables}          => {other vegetables}      0.007015760  0.5149254 2.6612144    69
    ## [535]  {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         pork}                     => {root vegetables}       0.007015760  0.3239437 2.9720018    69
    ## [536]  {pork,                                                                                      
    ##         root vegetables}          => {whole milk}            0.006812405  0.5000000 1.9568245    67
    ## [537]  {pork,                                                                                      
    ##         whole milk}               => {root vegetables}       0.006812405  0.3073394 2.8196674    67
    ## [538]  {pork,                                                                                      
    ##         rolls/buns}               => {other vegetables}      0.005592272  0.4954955 2.5607978    55
    ## [539]  {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         pork}                     => {rolls/buns}            0.005592272  0.2582160 1.4038441    55
    ## [540]  {pork,                                                                                      
    ##         rolls/buns}               => {whole milk}            0.006202339  0.5495495 2.1507441    61
    ## [541]  {pork,                                                                                      
    ##         whole milk}               => {rolls/buns}            0.006202339  0.2798165 1.5212799    61
    ## [542]  {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         pork}                     => {whole milk}            0.010167768  0.4694836 1.8373939   100
    ## [543]  {pork,                                                                                      
    ##         whole milk}               => {other vegetables}      0.010167768  0.4587156 2.3707136   100
    ## [544]  {frankfurter,                                                                               
    ##         tropical fruit}           => {whole milk}            0.005185562  0.5483871 2.1461946    51
    ## [545]  {frankfurter,                                                                               
    ##         whole milk}               => {tropical fruit}        0.005185562  0.2524752 2.4060989    51
    ## [546]  {frankfurter,                                                                               
    ##         root vegetables}          => {whole milk}            0.005083884  0.5000000 1.9568245    50
    ## [547]  {frankfurter,                                                                               
    ##         whole milk}               => {root vegetables}       0.005083884  0.2475248 2.2709011    50
    ## [548]  {frankfurter,                                                                               
    ##         yogurt}                   => {whole milk}            0.006202339  0.5545455 2.1702963    61
    ## [549]  {frankfurter,                                                                               
    ##         whole milk}               => {yogurt}                0.006202339  0.3019802 2.1647050    61
    ## [550]  {frankfurter,                                                                               
    ##         rolls/buns}               => {other vegetables}      0.005592272  0.2910053 1.5039606    55
    ## [551]  {frankfurter,                                                                               
    ##         other vegetables}         => {rolls/buns}            0.005592272  0.3395062 1.8457950    55
    ## [552]  {frankfurter,                                                                               
    ##         rolls/buns}               => {whole milk}            0.005998983  0.3121693 1.2217211    59
    ## [553]  {frankfurter,                                                                               
    ##         whole milk}               => {rolls/buns}            0.005998983  0.2920792 1.5879486    59
    ## [554]  {frankfurter,                                                                               
    ##         other vegetables}         => {whole milk}            0.007625826  0.4629630 1.8118745    75
    ## [555]  {frankfurter,                                                                               
    ##         whole milk}               => {other vegetables}      0.007625826  0.3712871 1.9188696    75
    ## [556]  {bottled beer,                                                                              
    ##         bottled water}            => {soda}                  0.005083884  0.3225806 1.8499013    50
    ## [557]  {bottled beer,                                                                              
    ##         soda}                     => {bottled water}         0.005083884  0.2994012 2.7089336    50
    ## [558]  {bottled water,                                                                             
    ##         soda}                     => {bottled beer}          0.005083884  0.1754386 2.1785841    50
    ## [559]  {bottled beer,                                                                              
    ##         bottled water}            => {whole milk}            0.006100661  0.3870968 1.5149609    60
    ## [560]  {bottled beer,                                                                              
    ##         whole milk}               => {bottled water}         0.006100661  0.2985075 2.7008472    60
    ## [561]  {bottled water,                                                                             
    ##         whole milk}               => {bottled beer}          0.006100661  0.1775148 2.2043661    60
    ## [562]  {bottled beer,                                                                              
    ##         yogurt}                   => {whole milk}            0.005185562  0.5604396 2.1933637    51
    ## [563]  {bottled beer,                                                                              
    ##         whole milk}               => {yogurt}                0.005185562  0.2537313 1.8188395    51
    ## [564]  {bottled beer,                                                                              
    ##         rolls/buns}               => {whole milk}            0.005388917  0.3955224 1.5479358    53
    ## [565]  {bottled beer,                                                                              
    ##         whole milk}               => {rolls/buns}            0.005388917  0.2636816 1.4335591    53
    ## [566]  {bottled beer,                                                                              
    ##         other vegetables}         => {whole milk}            0.007625826  0.4716981 1.8460609    75
    ## [567]  {bottled beer,                                                                              
    ##         whole milk}               => {other vegetables}      0.007625826  0.3731343 1.9284162    75
    ## [568]  {brown bread,                                                                               
    ##         tropical fruit}           => {whole milk}            0.005693950  0.5333333 2.0872795    56
    ## [569]  {brown bread,                                                                               
    ##         whole milk}               => {tropical fruit}        0.005693950  0.2258065 2.1519442    56
    ## [570]  {brown bread,                                                                               
    ##         root vegetables}          => {whole milk}            0.005693950  0.5600000 2.1916435    56
    ## [571]  {brown bread,                                                                               
    ##         whole milk}               => {root vegetables}       0.005693950  0.2258065 2.0716478    56
    ## [572]  {brown bread,                                                                               
    ##         soda}                     => {whole milk}            0.005083884  0.4032258 1.5780843    50
    ## [573]  {brown bread,                                                                               
    ##         whole milk}               => {soda}                  0.005083884  0.2016129 1.1561883    50
    ## [574]  {brown bread,                                                                               
    ##         yogurt}                   => {other vegetables}      0.005185562  0.3566434 1.8431883    51
    ## [575]  {brown bread,                                                                               
    ##         other vegetables}         => {yogurt}                0.005185562  0.2771739 1.9868844    51
    ## [576]  {brown bread,                                                                               
    ##         yogurt}                   => {whole milk}            0.007117438  0.4895105 1.9157723    70
    ## [577]  {brown bread,                                                                               
    ##         whole milk}               => {yogurt}                0.007117438  0.2822581 2.0233295    70
    ## [578]  {brown bread,                                                                               
    ##         rolls/buns}               => {whole milk}            0.005287239  0.4193548 1.6412077    52
    ## [579]  {brown bread,                                                                               
    ##         whole milk}               => {rolls/buns}            0.005287239  0.2096774 1.1399544    52
    ## [580]  {brown bread,                                                                               
    ##         other vegetables}         => {whole milk}            0.009354347  0.5000000 1.9568245    92
    ## [581]  {brown bread,                                                                               
    ##         whole milk}               => {other vegetables}      0.009354347  0.3709677 1.9172190    92
    ## [582]  {domestic eggs,                                                                             
    ##         margarine}                => {whole milk}            0.005185562  0.6219512 2.4340988    51
    ## [583]  {margarine,                                                                                 
    ##         whole milk}               => {domestic eggs}         0.005185562  0.2142857 3.3774038    51
    ## [584]  {domestic eggs,                                                                             
    ##         whole milk}               => {margarine}             0.005185562  0.1728814 2.9518891    51
    ## [585]  {margarine,                                                                                 
    ##         root vegetables}          => {other vegetables}      0.005897306  0.5321101 2.7500277    58
    ## [586]  {margarine,                                                                                 
    ##         other vegetables}         => {root vegetables}       0.005897306  0.2989691 2.7428739    58
    ## [587]  {margarine,                                                                                 
    ##         yogurt}                   => {other vegetables}      0.005693950  0.4000000 2.0672622    56
    ## [588]  {margarine,                                                                                 
    ##         other vegetables}         => {yogurt}                0.005693950  0.2886598 2.0692194    56
    ## [589]  {margarine,                                                                                 
    ##         yogurt}                   => {whole milk}            0.007015760  0.4928571 1.9288699    69
    ## [590]  {margarine,                                                                                 
    ##         whole milk}               => {yogurt}                0.007015760  0.2899160 2.0782241    69
    ## [591]  {margarine,                                                                                 
    ##         rolls/buns}               => {other vegetables}      0.005185562  0.3517241 1.8177651    51
    ## [592]  {margarine,                                                                                 
    ##         other vegetables}         => {rolls/buns}            0.005185562  0.2628866 1.4292370    51
    ## [593]  {margarine,                                                                                 
    ##         rolls/buns}               => {whole milk}            0.007930859  0.5379310 2.1052733    78
    ## [594]  {margarine,                                                                                 
    ##         whole milk}               => {rolls/buns}            0.007930859  0.3277311 1.7817774    78
    ## [595]  {margarine,                                                                                 
    ##         other vegetables}         => {whole milk}            0.009252669  0.4690722 1.8357838    91
    ## [596]  {margarine,                                                                                 
    ##         whole milk}               => {other vegetables}      0.009252669  0.3823529 1.9760595    91
    ## [597]  {butter,                                                                                    
    ##         domestic eggs}            => {whole milk}            0.005998983  0.6210526 2.4305820    59
    ## [598]  {butter,                                                                                    
    ##         whole milk}               => {domestic eggs}         0.005998983  0.2177122 3.4314091    59
    ## [599]  {domestic eggs,                                                                             
    ##         whole milk}               => {butter}                0.005998983  0.2000000 3.6091743    59
    ## [600]  {butter,                                                                                    
    ##         whipped/sour cream}       => {other vegetables}      0.005795628  0.5700000 2.9458487    57
    ## [601]  {butter,                                                                                    
    ##         other vegetables}         => {whipped/sour cream}    0.005795628  0.2893401 4.0363970    57
    ## [602]  {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         whipped/sour cream}       => {butter}                0.005795628  0.2007042 3.6218827    57
    ## [603]  {butter,                                                                                    
    ##         whipped/sour cream}       => {whole milk}            0.006710727  0.6600000 2.5830084    66
    ## [604]  {butter,                                                                                    
    ##         whole milk}               => {whipped/sour cream}    0.006710727  0.2435424 3.3975033    66
    ## [605]  {whipped/sour cream,                                                                        
    ##         whole milk}               => {butter}                0.006710727  0.2082019 3.7571846    66
    ## [606]  {butter,                                                                                    
    ##         citrus fruit}             => {whole milk}            0.005083884  0.5555556 2.1742495    50
    ## [607]  {butter,                                                                                    
    ##         whole milk}               => {citrus fruit}          0.005083884  0.1845018 2.2292084    50
    ## [608]  {citrus fruit,                                                                              
    ##         whole milk}               => {butter}                0.005083884  0.1666667 3.0076453    50
    ## [609]  {bottled water,                                                                             
    ##         butter}                   => {whole milk}            0.005388917  0.6022727 2.3570841    53
    ## [610]  {butter,                                                                                    
    ##         whole milk}               => {bottled water}         0.005388917  0.1955720 1.7695034    53
    ## [611]  {bottled water,                                                                             
    ##         whole milk}               => {butter}                0.005388917  0.1568047 2.8296781    53
    ## [612]  {butter,                                                                                    
    ##         tropical fruit}           => {other vegetables}      0.005490595  0.5510204 2.8477592    54
    ## [613]  {butter,                                                                                    
    ##         other vegetables}         => {tropical fruit}        0.005490595  0.2741117 2.6122949    54
    ## [614]  {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         tropical fruit}           => {butter}                0.005490595  0.1529745 2.7605583    54
    ## [615]  {butter,                                                                                    
    ##         tropical fruit}           => {whole milk}            0.006202339  0.6224490 2.4360468    61
    ## [616]  {butter,                                                                                    
    ##         whole milk}               => {tropical fruit}        0.006202339  0.2250923 2.1451379    61
    ## [617]  {butter,                                                                                    
    ##         root vegetables}          => {other vegetables}      0.006609049  0.5118110 2.6451190    65
    ## [618]  {butter,                                                                                    
    ##         other vegetables}         => {root vegetables}       0.006609049  0.3299492 3.0270996    65
    ## [619]  {butter,                                                                                    
    ##         root vegetables}          => {whole milk}            0.008235892  0.6377953 2.4961069    81
    ## [620]  {butter,                                                                                    
    ##         whole milk}               => {root vegetables}       0.008235892  0.2988930 2.7421759    81
    ## [621]  {root vegetables,                                                                           
    ##         whole milk}               => {butter}                0.008235892  0.1683992 3.0389098    81
    ## [622]  {butter,                                                                                    
    ##         yogurt}                   => {other vegetables}      0.006405694  0.4375000 2.2610681    63
    ## [623]  {butter,                                                                                    
    ##         other vegetables}         => {yogurt}                0.006405694  0.3197970 2.2924220    63
    ## [624]  {butter,                                                                                    
    ##         yogurt}                   => {whole milk}            0.009354347  0.6388889 2.5003869    92
    ## [625]  {butter,                                                                                    
    ##         whole milk}               => {yogurt}                0.009354347  0.3394834 2.4335417    92
    ## [626]  {whole milk,                                                                                
    ##         yogurt}                   => {butter}                0.009354347  0.1669691 3.0131038    92
    ## [627]  {butter,                                                                                    
    ##         rolls/buns}               => {other vegetables}      0.005693950  0.4242424 2.1925508    56
    ## [628]  {butter,                                                                                    
    ##         other vegetables}         => {rolls/buns}            0.005693950  0.2842640 1.5454594    56
    ## [629]  {butter,                                                                                    
    ##         rolls/buns}               => {whole milk}            0.006609049  0.4924242 1.9271757    65
    ## [630]  {butter,                                                                                    
    ##         whole milk}               => {rolls/buns}            0.006609049  0.2398524 1.3040068    65
    ## [631]  {butter,                                                                                    
    ##         other vegetables}         => {whole milk}            0.011489578  0.5736041 2.2448850   113
    ## [632]  {butter,                                                                                    
    ##         whole milk}               => {other vegetables}      0.011489578  0.4169742 2.1549874   113
    ## [633]  {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         whole milk}               => {butter}                0.011489578  0.1535326 2.7706297   113
    ## [634]  {newspapers,                                                                                
    ##         tropical fruit}           => {whole milk}            0.005083884  0.4310345 1.6869177    50
    ## [635]  {newspapers,                                                                                
    ##         whole milk}               => {tropical fruit}        0.005083884  0.1858736 1.7713827    50
    ## [636]  {newspapers,                                                                                
    ##         root vegetables}          => {other vegetables}      0.005998983  0.5221239 2.6984175    59
    ## [637]  {newspapers,                                                                                
    ##         other vegetables}         => {root vegetables}       0.005998983  0.3105263 2.8489051    59
    ## [638]  {newspapers,                                                                                
    ##         root vegetables}          => {whole milk}            0.005795628  0.5044248 1.9741415    57
    ## [639]  {newspapers,                                                                                
    ##         whole milk}               => {root vegetables}       0.005795628  0.2118959 1.9440264    57
    ## [640]  {newspapers,                                                                                
    ##         yogurt}                   => {rolls/buns}            0.005083884  0.3311258 1.8002336    50
    ## [641]  {newspapers,                                                                                
    ##         rolls/buns}               => {yogurt}                0.005083884  0.2577320 1.8475174    50
    ## [642]  {newspapers,                                                                                
    ##         yogurt}                   => {other vegetables}      0.005592272  0.3642384 1.8824408    55
    ## [643]  {newspapers,                                                                                
    ##         other vegetables}         => {yogurt}                0.005592272  0.2894737 2.0750537    55
    ## [644]  {newspapers,                                                                                
    ##         yogurt}                   => {whole milk}            0.006609049  0.4304636 1.6846834    65
    ## [645]  {newspapers,                                                                                
    ##         whole milk}               => {yogurt}                0.006609049  0.2416357 1.7321334    65
    ## [646]  {newspapers,                                                                                
    ##         rolls/buns}               => {other vegetables}      0.005490595  0.2783505 1.4385588    54
    ## [647]  {newspapers,                                                                                
    ##         other vegetables}         => {rolls/buns}            0.005490595  0.2842105 1.5451689    54
    ## [648]  {newspapers,                                                                                
    ##         rolls/buns}               => {whole milk}            0.007625826  0.3865979 1.5130086    75
    ## [649]  {newspapers,                                                                                
    ##         whole milk}               => {rolls/buns}            0.007625826  0.2788104 1.5158100    75
    ## [650]  {newspapers,                                                                                
    ##         other vegetables}         => {whole milk}            0.008337570  0.4315789 1.6890485    82
    ## [651]  {newspapers,                                                                                
    ##         whole milk}               => {other vegetables}      0.008337570  0.3048327 1.5754229    82
    ## [652]  {domestic eggs,                                                                             
    ##         whipped/sour cream}       => {other vegetables}      0.005083884  0.5102041 2.6368141    50
    ## [653]  {domestic eggs,                                                                             
    ##         other vegetables}         => {whipped/sour cream}    0.005083884  0.2283105 3.1850125    50
    ## [654]  {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         whipped/sour cream}       => {domestic eggs}         0.005083884  0.1760563 2.7748623    50
    ## [655]  {domestic eggs,                                                                             
    ##         whipped/sour cream}       => {whole milk}            0.005693950  0.5714286 2.2363709    56
    ## [656]  {domestic eggs,                                                                             
    ##         whole milk}               => {whipped/sour cream}    0.005693950  0.1898305 2.6482029    56
    ## [657]  {whipped/sour cream,                                                                        
    ##         whole milk}               => {domestic eggs}         0.005693950  0.1766562 2.7843161    56
    ## [658]  {domestic eggs,                                                                             
    ##         pip fruit}                => {whole milk}            0.005388917  0.6235294 2.4402753    53
    ## [659]  {domestic eggs,                                                                             
    ##         whole milk}               => {pip fruit}             0.005388917  0.1796610 2.3749544    53
    ## [660]  {pip fruit,                                                                                 
    ##         whole milk}               => {domestic eggs}         0.005388917  0.1790541 2.8221100    53
    ## [661]  {citrus fruit,                                                                              
    ##         domestic eggs}            => {whole milk}            0.005693950  0.5490196 2.1486701    56
    ## [662]  {domestic eggs,                                                                             
    ##         whole milk}               => {citrus fruit}          0.005693950  0.1898305 2.2935910    56
    ## [663]  {citrus fruit,                                                                              
    ##         whole milk}               => {domestic eggs}         0.005693950  0.1866667 2.9420940    56
    ## [664]  {domestic eggs,                                                                             
    ##         tropical fruit}           => {whole milk}            0.006914082  0.6071429 2.3761441    68
    ## [665]  {domestic eggs,                                                                             
    ##         whole milk}               => {tropical fruit}        0.006914082  0.2305085 2.1967547    68
    ## [666]  {tropical fruit,                                                                            
    ##         whole milk}               => {domestic eggs}         0.006914082  0.1634615 2.5763529    68
    ## [667]  {domestic eggs,                                                                             
    ##         root vegetables}          => {other vegetables}      0.007320793  0.5106383 2.6390582    72
    ## [668]  {domestic eggs,                                                                             
    ##         other vegetables}         => {root vegetables}       0.007320793  0.3287671 3.0162543    72
    ## [669]  {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         root vegetables}          => {domestic eggs}         0.007320793  0.1545064 2.4352096    72
    ## [670]  {domestic eggs,                                                                             
    ##         root vegetables}          => {whole milk}            0.008540925  0.5957447 2.3315356    84
    ## [671]  {domestic eggs,                                                                             
    ##         whole milk}               => {root vegetables}       0.008540925  0.2847458 2.6123830    84
    ## [672]  {root vegetables,                                                                           
    ##         whole milk}               => {domestic eggs}         0.008540925  0.1746362 2.7524788    84
    ## [673]  {domestic eggs,                                                                             
    ##         soda}                     => {other vegetables}      0.005083884  0.4098361 2.1180965    50
    ## [674]  {domestic eggs,                                                                             
    ##         other vegetables}         => {soda}                  0.005083884  0.2283105 1.3092908    50
    ## [675]  {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         soda}                     => {domestic eggs}         0.005083884  0.1552795 2.4473941    50
    ## [676]  {domestic eggs,                                                                             
    ##         soda}                     => {whole milk}            0.005185562  0.4180328 1.6360336    51
    ## [677]  {domestic eggs,                                                                             
    ##         whole milk}               => {soda}                  0.005185562  0.1728814 0.9914217    51
    ## [678]  {domestic eggs,                                                                             
    ##         yogurt}                   => {other vegetables}      0.005795628  0.4042553 2.0892544    57
    ## [679]  {domestic eggs,                                                                             
    ##         other vegetables}         => {yogurt}                0.005795628  0.2602740 1.8657394    57
    ## [680]  {domestic eggs,                                                                             
    ##         yogurt}                   => {whole milk}            0.007727504  0.5390071 2.1094846    76
    ## [681]  {domestic eggs,                                                                             
    ##         whole milk}               => {yogurt}                0.007727504  0.2576271 1.8467658    76
    ## [682]  {domestic eggs,                                                                             
    ##         rolls/buns}               => {other vegetables}      0.005897306  0.3766234 1.9464482    58
    ## [683]  {domestic eggs,                                                                             
    ##         other vegetables}         => {rolls/buns}            0.005897306  0.2648402 1.4398580    58
    ## [684]  {domestic eggs,                                                                             
    ##         rolls/buns}               => {whole milk}            0.006609049  0.4220779 1.6518648    65
    ## [685]  {domestic eggs,                                                                             
    ##         whole milk}               => {rolls/buns}            0.006609049  0.2203390 1.1979181    65
    ## [686]  {domestic eggs,                                                                             
    ##         other vegetables}         => {whole milk}            0.012302999  0.5525114 2.1623358   121
    ## [687]  {domestic eggs,                                                                             
    ##         whole milk}               => {other vegetables}      0.012302999  0.4101695 2.1198197   121
    ## [688]  {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         whole milk}               => {domestic eggs}         0.012302999  0.1644022 2.5911785   121
    ## [689]  {bottled water,                                                                             
    ##         fruit/vegetable juice}    => {soda}                  0.005185562  0.3642857 2.0890671    51
    ## [690]  {fruit/vegetable juice,                                                                     
    ##         soda}                     => {bottled water}         0.005185562  0.2817680 2.5493908    51
    ## [691]  {bottled water,                                                                             
    ##         soda}                     => {fruit/vegetable juice} 0.005185562  0.1789474 2.4753128    51
    ## [692]  {bottled water,                                                                             
    ##         fruit/vegetable juice}    => {whole milk}            0.005795628  0.4071429 1.5934142    57
    ## [693]  {fruit/vegetable juice,                                                                     
    ##         whole milk}               => {bottled water}         0.005795628  0.2175573 1.9684228    57
    ## [694]  {bottled water,                                                                             
    ##         whole milk}               => {fruit/vegetable juice} 0.005795628  0.1686391 2.3327216    57
    ## [695]  {fruit/vegetable juice,                                                                     
    ##         tropical fruit}           => {other vegetables}      0.006609049  0.4814815 2.4883712    65
    ## [696]  {fruit/vegetable juice,                                                                     
    ##         other vegetables}         => {tropical fruit}        0.006609049  0.3140097 2.9925242    65
    ## [697]  {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         tropical fruit}           => {fruit/vegetable juice} 0.006609049  0.1841360 2.5470849    65
    ## [698]  {fruit/vegetable juice,                                                                     
    ##         tropical fruit}           => {whole milk}            0.005998983  0.4370370 1.7104096    59
    ## [699]  {fruit/vegetable juice,                                                                     
    ##         whole milk}               => {tropical fruit}        0.005998983  0.2251908 2.1460774    59
    ## [700]  {fruit/vegetable juice,                                                                     
    ##         root vegetables}          => {other vegetables}      0.006609049  0.5508475 2.8468653    65
    ## [701]  {fruit/vegetable juice,                                                                     
    ##         other vegetables}         => {root vegetables}       0.006609049  0.3140097 2.8808629    65
    ## [702]  {fruit/vegetable juice,                                                                     
    ##         root vegetables}          => {whole milk}            0.006507372  0.5423729 2.1226571    64
    ## [703]  {fruit/vegetable juice,                                                                     
    ##         whole milk}               => {root vegetables}       0.006507372  0.2442748 2.2410847    64
    ## [704]  {fruit/vegetable juice,                                                                     
    ##         soda}                     => {yogurt}                0.005083884  0.2762431 1.9802120    50
    ## [705]  {fruit/vegetable juice,                                                                     
    ##         yogurt}                   => {soda}                  0.005083884  0.2717391 1.5583407    50
    ## [706]  {soda,                                                                                      
    ##         yogurt}                   => {fruit/vegetable juice} 0.005083884  0.1858736 2.5711208    50
    ## [707]  {fruit/vegetable juice,                                                                     
    ##         soda}                     => {whole milk}            0.006100661  0.3314917 1.2973422    60
    ## [708]  {fruit/vegetable juice,                                                                     
    ##         whole milk}               => {soda}                  0.006100661  0.2290076 1.3132887    60
    ## [709]  {soda,                                                                                      
    ##         whole milk}               => {fruit/vegetable juice} 0.006100661  0.1522843 2.1064919    60
    ## [710]  {fruit/vegetable juice,                                                                     
    ##         yogurt}                   => {other vegetables}      0.008235892  0.4402174 2.2751120    81
    ## [711]  {fruit/vegetable juice,                                                                     
    ##         other vegetables}         => {yogurt}                0.008235892  0.3913043 2.8050133    81
    ## [712]  {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         yogurt}                   => {fruit/vegetable juice} 0.008235892  0.1896956 2.6239884    81
    ## [713]  {fruit/vegetable juice,                                                                     
    ##         yogurt}                   => {whole milk}            0.009456024  0.5054348 1.9780943    93
    ## [714]  {fruit/vegetable juice,                                                                     
    ##         whole milk}               => {yogurt}                0.009456024  0.3549618 2.5444968    93
    ## [715]  {whole milk,                                                                                
    ##         yogurt}                   => {fruit/vegetable juice} 0.009456024  0.1687840 2.3347270    93
    ## [716]  {fruit/vegetable juice,                                                                     
    ##         rolls/buns}               => {whole milk}            0.005592272  0.3846154 1.5052496    55
    ## [717]  {fruit/vegetable juice,                                                                     
    ##         whole milk}               => {rolls/buns}            0.005592272  0.2099237 1.1412931    55
    ## [718]  {fruit/vegetable juice,                                                                     
    ##         other vegetables}         => {whole milk}            0.010472801  0.4975845 1.9473713   103
    ## [719]  {fruit/vegetable juice,                                                                     
    ##         whole milk}               => {other vegetables}      0.010472801  0.3931298 2.0317558   103
    ## [720]  {pip fruit,                                                                                 
    ##         whipped/sour cream}       => {other vegetables}      0.005592272  0.6043956 3.1236105    55
    ## [721]  {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         whipped/sour cream}       => {pip fruit}             0.005592272  0.1936620 2.5600343    55
    ## [722]  {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         pip fruit}                => {whipped/sour cream}    0.005592272  0.2140078 2.9854844    55
    ## [723]  {pip fruit,                                                                                 
    ##         whipped/sour cream}       => {whole milk}            0.005998983  0.6483516 2.5374208    59
    ## [724]  {whipped/sour cream,                                                                        
    ##         whole milk}               => {pip fruit}             0.005998983  0.1861199 2.4603346    59
    ## [725]  {pip fruit,                                                                                 
    ##         whole milk}               => {whipped/sour cream}    0.005998983  0.1993243 2.7806450    59
    ## [726]  {citrus fruit,                                                                              
    ##         whipped/sour cream}       => {other vegetables}      0.005693950  0.5233645 2.7048291    56
    ## [727]  {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         whipped/sour cream}       => {citrus fruit}          0.005693950  0.1971831 2.3824272    56
    ## [728]  {citrus fruit,                                                                              
    ##         other vegetables}         => {whipped/sour cream}    0.005693950  0.1971831 2.7507741    56
    ## [729]  {citrus fruit,                                                                              
    ##         whipped/sour cream}       => {whole milk}            0.006304016  0.5794393 2.2677219    62
    ## [730]  {whipped/sour cream,                                                                        
    ##         whole milk}               => {citrus fruit}          0.006304016  0.1955836 2.3631016    62
    ## [731]  {citrus fruit,                                                                              
    ##         whole milk}               => {whipped/sour cream}    0.006304016  0.2066667 2.8830733    62
    ## [732]  {sausage,                                                                                   
    ##         whipped/sour cream}       => {whole milk}            0.005083884  0.5617978 2.1986792    50
    ## [733]  {whipped/sour cream,                                                                        
    ##         whole milk}               => {sausage}               0.005083884  0.1577287 1.6788548    50
    ## [734]  {sausage,                                                                                   
    ##         whole milk}               => {whipped/sour cream}    0.005083884  0.1700680 2.3725093    50
    ## [735]  {tropical fruit,                                                                            
    ##         whipped/sour cream}       => {yogurt}                0.006202339  0.4485294 3.2152236    61
    ## [736]  {whipped/sour cream,                                                                        
    ##         yogurt}                   => {tropical fruit}        0.006202339  0.2990196 2.8496685    61
    ## [737]  {tropical fruit,                                                                            
    ##         yogurt}                   => {whipped/sour cream}    0.006202339  0.2118056 2.9547626    61
    ## [738]  {tropical fruit,                                                                            
    ##         whipped/sour cream}       => {other vegetables}      0.007829181  0.5661765 2.9260881    77
    ## [739]  {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         whipped/sour cream}       => {tropical fruit}        0.007829181  0.2711268 2.5838485    77
    ## [740]  {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         tropical fruit}           => {whipped/sour cream}    0.007829181  0.2181303 3.0429952    77
    ## [741]  {tropical fruit,                                                                            
    ##         whipped/sour cream}       => {whole milk}            0.007930859  0.5735294 2.2445928    78
    ## [742]  {whipped/sour cream,                                                                        
    ##         whole milk}               => {tropical fruit}        0.007930859  0.2460568 2.3449307    78
    ## [743]  {tropical fruit,                                                                            
    ##         whole milk}               => {whipped/sour cream}    0.007930859  0.1875000 2.6156915    78
    ## [744]  {root vegetables,                                                                           
    ##         whipped/sour cream}       => {yogurt}                0.006405694  0.3750000 2.6881378    63
    ## [745]  {whipped/sour cream,                                                                        
    ##         yogurt}                   => {root vegetables}       0.006405694  0.3088235 2.8332830    63
    ## [746]  {root vegetables,                                                                           
    ##         yogurt}                   => {whipped/sour cream}    0.006405694  0.2480315 3.4601273    63
    ## [747]  {root vegetables,                                                                           
    ##         whipped/sour cream}       => {other vegetables}      0.008540925  0.5000000 2.5840778    84
    ## [748]  {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         whipped/sour cream}       => {root vegetables}       0.008540925  0.2957746 2.7135668    84
    ## [749]  {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         root vegetables}          => {whipped/sour cream}    0.008540925  0.1802575 2.5146562    84
    ## [750]  {root vegetables,                                                                           
    ##         whipped/sour cream}       => {whole milk}            0.009456024  0.5535714 2.1664843    93
    ## [751]  {whipped/sour cream,                                                                        
    ##         whole milk}               => {root vegetables}       0.009456024  0.2933754 2.6915550    93
    ## [752]  {root vegetables,                                                                           
    ##         whole milk}               => {whipped/sour cream}    0.009456024  0.1933472 2.6972619    93
    ## [753]  {soda,                                                                                      
    ##         whipped/sour cream}       => {whole milk}            0.005490595  0.4736842 1.8538337    54
    ## [754]  {whipped/sour cream,                                                                        
    ##         whole milk}               => {soda}                  0.005490595  0.1703470 0.9768879    54
    ## [755]  {whipped/sour cream,                                                                        
    ##         yogurt}                   => {other vegetables}      0.010167768  0.4901961 2.5334096   100
    ## [756]  {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         whipped/sour cream}       => {yogurt}                0.010167768  0.3521127 2.5240730   100
    ## [757]  {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         yogurt}                   => {whipped/sour cream}    0.010167768  0.2341920 3.2670620   100
    ## [758]  {whipped/sour cream,                                                                        
    ##         yogurt}                   => {whole milk}            0.010879512  0.5245098 2.0527473   107
    ## [759]  {whipped/sour cream,                                                                        
    ##         whole milk}               => {yogurt}                0.010879512  0.3375394 2.4196066   107
    ## [760]  {whole milk,                                                                                
    ##         yogurt}                   => {whipped/sour cream}    0.010879512  0.1941924 2.7090525   107
    ## [761]  {rolls/buns,                                                                                
    ##         whipped/sour cream}       => {other vegetables}      0.006710727  0.4583333 2.3687380    66
    ## [762]  {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         whipped/sour cream}       => {rolls/buns}            0.006710727  0.2323944 1.2634597    66
    ## [763]  {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         rolls/buns}               => {whipped/sour cream}    0.006710727  0.1575179 2.1974306    66
    ## [764]  {rolls/buns,                                                                                
    ##         whipped/sour cream}       => {whole milk}            0.007829181  0.5347222 2.0927151    77
    ## [765]  {whipped/sour cream,                                                                        
    ##         whole milk}               => {rolls/buns}            0.007829181  0.2429022 1.3205877    77
    ## [766]  {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         whipped/sour cream}       => {whole milk}            0.014641586  0.5070423 1.9843854   144
    ## [767]  {whipped/sour cream,                                                                        
    ##         whole milk}               => {other vegetables}      0.014641586  0.4542587 2.3476795   144
    ## [768]  {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         whole milk}               => {whipped/sour cream}    0.014641586  0.1956522 2.7294172   144
    ## [769]  {pastry,                                                                                    
    ##         pip fruit}                => {whole milk}            0.005083884  0.4761905 1.8636424    50
    ## [770]  {pip fruit,                                                                                 
    ##         whole milk}               => {pastry}                0.005083884  0.1689189 1.8986486    50
    ## [771]  {pastry,                                                                                    
    ##         whole milk}               => {pip fruit}             0.005083884  0.1529052 2.0212670    50
    ## [772]  {citrus fruit,                                                                              
    ##         pip fruit}                => {tropical fruit}        0.005592272  0.4044118 3.8540598    55
    ## [773]  {pip fruit,                                                                                 
    ##         tropical fruit}           => {citrus fruit}          0.005592272  0.2736318 3.3061046    55
    ## [774]  {citrus fruit,                                                                              
    ##         tropical fruit}           => {pip fruit}             0.005592272  0.2806122 3.7094374    55
    ## [775]  {citrus fruit,                                                                              
    ##         pip fruit}                => {other vegetables}      0.005897306  0.4264706 2.2040663    58
    ## [776]  {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         pip fruit}                => {citrus fruit}          0.005897306  0.2256809 2.7267469    58
    ## [777]  {citrus fruit,                                                                              
    ##         other vegetables}         => {pip fruit}             0.005897306  0.2042254 2.6996725    58
    ## [778]  {citrus fruit,                                                                              
    ##         pip fruit}                => {whole milk}            0.005185562  0.3750000 1.4676184    51
    ## [779]  {pip fruit,                                                                                 
    ##         whole milk}               => {citrus fruit}          0.005185562  0.1722973 2.0817493    51
    ## [780]  {citrus fruit,                                                                              
    ##         whole milk}               => {pip fruit}             0.005185562  0.1700000 2.2472446    51
    ## [781]  {pip fruit,                                                                                 
    ##         sausage}                  => {whole milk}            0.005592272  0.5188679 2.0306669    55
    ## [782]  {pip fruit,                                                                                 
    ##         whole milk}               => {sausage}               0.005592272  0.1858108 1.9777590    55
    ## [783]  {sausage,                                                                                   
    ##         whole milk}               => {pip fruit}             0.005592272  0.1870748 2.4729583    55
    ## [784]  {pip fruit,                                                                                 
    ##         tropical fruit}           => {root vegetables}       0.005287239  0.2587065 2.3734870    52
    ## [785]  {pip fruit,                                                                                 
    ##         root vegetables}          => {tropical fruit}        0.005287239  0.3398693 3.2389674    52
    ## [786]  {root vegetables,                                                                           
    ##         tropical fruit}           => {pip fruit}             0.005287239  0.2512077 3.3207366    52
    ## [787]  {pip fruit,                                                                                 
    ##         tropical fruit}           => {yogurt}                0.006405694  0.3134328 2.2468017    63
    ## [788]  {pip fruit,                                                                                 
    ##         yogurt}                   => {tropical fruit}        0.006405694  0.3559322 3.3920477    63
    ## [789]  {tropical fruit,                                                                            
    ##         yogurt}                   => {pip fruit}             0.006405694  0.2187500 2.8916751    63
    ## [790]  {pip fruit,                                                                                 
    ##         tropical fruit}           => {other vegetables}      0.009456024  0.4626866 2.3912361    93
    ## [791]  {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         pip fruit}                => {tropical fruit}        0.009456024  0.3618677 3.4486132    93
    ## [792]  {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         tropical fruit}           => {pip fruit}             0.009456024  0.2634561 3.4826487    93
    ## [793]  {pip fruit,                                                                                 
    ##         tropical fruit}           => {whole milk}            0.008439248  0.4129353 1.6160839    83
    ## [794]  {pip fruit,                                                                                 
    ##         whole milk}               => {tropical fruit}        0.008439248  0.2804054 2.6722744    83
    ## [795]  {tropical fruit,                                                                            
    ##         whole milk}               => {pip fruit}             0.008439248  0.1995192 2.6374619    83
    ## [796]  {pip fruit,                                                                                 
    ##         root vegetables}          => {yogurt}                0.005287239  0.3398693 2.4363079    52
    ## [797]  {pip fruit,                                                                                 
    ##         yogurt}                   => {root vegetables}       0.005287239  0.2937853 2.6953158    52
    ## [798]  {root vegetables,                                                                           
    ##         yogurt}                   => {pip fruit}             0.005287239  0.2047244 2.7062696    52
    ## [799]  {pip fruit,                                                                                 
    ##         root vegetables}          => {other vegetables}      0.008134215  0.5228758 2.7023036    80
    ## [800]  {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         pip fruit}                => {root vegetables}       0.008134215  0.3112840 2.8558569    80
    ## [801]  {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         root vegetables}          => {pip fruit}             0.008134215  0.1716738 2.2693710    80
    ## [802]  {pip fruit,                                                                                 
    ##         root vegetables}          => {whole milk}            0.008947636  0.5751634 2.2509877    88
    ## [803]  {pip fruit,                                                                                 
    ##         whole milk}               => {root vegetables}       0.008947636  0.2972973 2.7275363    88
    ## [804]  {root vegetables,                                                                           
    ##         whole milk}               => {pip fruit}             0.008947636  0.1829522 2.4184606    88
    ## [805]  {pip fruit,                                                                                 
    ##         yogurt}                   => {other vegetables}      0.008134215  0.4519774 2.3358895    80
    ## [806]  {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         pip fruit}                => {yogurt}                0.008134215  0.3112840 2.2313984    80
    ## [807]  {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         yogurt}                   => {pip fruit}             0.008134215  0.1873536 2.4766438    80
    ## [808]  {pip fruit,                                                                                 
    ##         yogurt}                   => {whole milk}            0.009557702  0.5310734 2.0784351    94
    ## [809]  {pip fruit,                                                                                 
    ##         whole milk}               => {yogurt}                0.009557702  0.3175676 2.2764410    94
    ## [810]  {whole milk,                                                                                
    ##         yogurt}                   => {pip fruit}             0.009557702  0.1705989 2.2551617    94
    ## [811]  {pip fruit,                                                                                 
    ##         rolls/buns}               => {other vegetables}      0.005083884  0.3649635 1.8861882    50
    ## [812]  {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         pip fruit}                => {rolls/buns}            0.005083884  0.1945525 1.0577248    50
    ## [813]  {pip fruit,                                                                                 
    ##         rolls/buns}               => {whole milk}            0.006202339  0.4452555 1.7425737    61
    ## [814]  {pip fruit,                                                                                 
    ##         whole milk}               => {rolls/buns}            0.006202339  0.2060811 1.1204021    61
    ## [815]  {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         pip fruit}                => {whole milk}            0.013523132  0.5175097 2.0253514   133
    ## [816]  {pip fruit,                                                                                 
    ##         whole milk}               => {other vegetables}      0.013523132  0.4493243 2.3221780   133
    ## [817]  {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         whole milk}               => {pip fruit}             0.013523132  0.1807065 2.3887751   133
    ## [818]  {pastry,                                                                                    
    ##         sausage}                  => {whole milk}            0.005693950  0.4552846 1.7818239    56
    ## [819]  {pastry,                                                                                    
    ##         whole milk}               => {sausage}               0.005693950  0.1712538 1.8228153    56
    ## [820]  {sausage,                                                                                   
    ##         whole milk}               => {pastry}                0.005693950  0.1904762 2.1409524    56
    ## [821]  {pastry,                                                                                    
    ##         tropical fruit}           => {other vegetables}      0.005083884  0.3846154 1.9877521    50
    ## [822]  {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         pastry}                   => {tropical fruit}        0.005083884  0.2252252 2.1464051    50
    ## [823]  {pastry,                                                                                    
    ##         tropical fruit}           => {whole milk}            0.006710727  0.5076923 1.9869295    66
    ## [824]  {pastry,                                                                                    
    ##         whole milk}               => {tropical fruit}        0.006710727  0.2018349 1.9234941    66
    ## [825]  {tropical fruit,                                                                            
    ##         whole milk}               => {pastry}                0.006710727  0.1586538 1.7832692    66
    ## [826]  {pastry,                                                                                    
    ##         root vegetables}          => {other vegetables}      0.005897306  0.5370370 2.7754909    58
    ## [827]  {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         pastry}                   => {root vegetables}       0.005897306  0.2612613 2.3969258    58
    ## [828]  {pastry,                                                                                    
    ##         root vegetables}          => {whole milk}            0.005693950  0.5185185 2.0292995    56
    ## [829]  {pastry,                                                                                    
    ##         whole milk}               => {root vegetables}       0.005693950  0.1712538 1.5711580    56
    ## [830]  {pastry,                                                                                    
    ##         soda}                     => {rolls/buns}            0.005388917  0.2560386 1.3920067    53
    ## [831]  {pastry,                                                                                    
    ##         rolls/buns}               => {soda}                  0.005388917  0.2572816 1.4754309    53
    ## [832]  {pastry,                                                                                    
    ##         soda}                     => {other vegetables}      0.005490595  0.2608696 1.3482145    54
    ## [833]  {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         pastry}                   => {soda}                  0.005490595  0.2432432 1.3949255    54
    ## [834]  {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         soda}                     => {pastry}                0.005490595  0.1677019 1.8849689    54
    ## [835]  {pastry,                                                                                    
    ##         soda}                     => {whole milk}            0.008235892  0.3913043 1.5314279    81
    ## [836]  {pastry,                                                                                    
    ##         whole milk}               => {soda}                  0.008235892  0.2477064 1.4205205    81
    ## [837]  {soda,                                                                                      
    ##         whole milk}               => {pastry}                0.008235892  0.2055838 2.3107614    81
    ## [838]  {pastry,                                                                                    
    ##         yogurt}                   => {rolls/buns}            0.005795628  0.3275862 1.7809897    57
    ## [839]  {pastry,                                                                                    
    ##         rolls/buns}               => {yogurt}                0.005795628  0.2766990 1.9834803    57
    ## [840]  {rolls/buns,                                                                                
    ##         yogurt}                   => {pastry}                0.005795628  0.1686391 1.8955030    57
    ## [841]  {pastry,                                                                                    
    ##         yogurt}                   => {other vegetables}      0.006609049  0.3735632 1.9306328    65
    ## [842]  {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         pastry}                   => {yogurt}                0.006609049  0.2927928 2.0988463    65
    ## [843]  {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         yogurt}                   => {pastry}                0.006609049  0.1522248 1.7110070    65
    ## [844]  {pastry,                                                                                    
    ##         yogurt}                   => {whole milk}            0.009150991  0.5172414 2.0243012    90
    ## [845]  {pastry,                                                                                    
    ##         whole milk}               => {yogurt}                0.009150991  0.2752294 1.9729451    90
    ## [846]  {whole milk,                                                                                
    ##         yogurt}                   => {pastry}                0.009150991  0.1633394 1.8359347    90
    ## [847]  {pastry,                                                                                    
    ##         rolls/buns}               => {other vegetables}      0.006100661  0.2912621 1.5052880    60
    ## [848]  {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         pastry}                   => {rolls/buns}            0.006100661  0.2702703 1.4693798    60
    ## [849]  {pastry,                                                                                    
    ##         rolls/buns}               => {whole milk}            0.008540925  0.4077670 1.5958569    84
    ## [850]  {pastry,                                                                                    
    ##         whole milk}               => {rolls/buns}            0.008540925  0.2568807 1.3965849    84
    ## [851]  {rolls/buns,                                                                                
    ##         whole milk}               => {pastry}                0.008540925  0.1508079 1.6950808    84
    ## [852]  {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         pastry}                   => {whole milk}            0.010574479  0.4684685 1.8334212   104
    ## [853]  {pastry,                                                                                    
    ##         whole milk}               => {other vegetables}      0.010574479  0.3180428 1.6436947   104
    ## [854]  {bottled water,                                                                             
    ##         citrus fruit}             => {other vegetables}      0.005083884  0.3759398 1.9429156    50
    ## [855]  {citrus fruit,                                                                              
    ##         other vegetables}         => {bottled water}         0.005083884  0.1760563 1.5929292    50
    ## [856]  {bottled water,                                                                             
    ##         other vegetables}         => {citrus fruit}          0.005083884  0.2049180 2.4758831    50
    ## [857]  {bottled water,                                                                             
    ##         citrus fruit}             => {whole milk}            0.005897306  0.4360902 1.7067041    58
    ## [858]  {citrus fruit,                                                                              
    ##         whole milk}               => {bottled water}         0.005897306  0.1933333 1.7492487    58
    ## [859]  {bottled water,                                                                             
    ##         whole milk}               => {citrus fruit}          0.005897306  0.1715976 2.0732957    58
    ## [860]  {citrus fruit,                                                                              
    ##         tropical fruit}           => {root vegetables}       0.005693950  0.2857143 2.6212687    56
    ## [861]  {citrus fruit,                                                                              
    ##         root vegetables}          => {tropical fruit}        0.005693950  0.3218391 3.0671389    56
    ## [862]  {root vegetables,                                                                           
    ##         tropical fruit}           => {citrus fruit}          0.005693950  0.2705314 3.2686441    56
    ## [863]  {citrus fruit,                                                                              
    ##         tropical fruit}           => {yogurt}                0.006304016  0.3163265 2.2675448    62
    ## [864]  {citrus fruit,                                                                              
    ##         yogurt}                   => {tropical fruit}        0.006304016  0.2910798 2.7740019    62
    ## [865]  {tropical fruit,                                                                            
    ##         yogurt}                   => {citrus fruit}          0.006304016  0.2152778 2.6010528    62
    ## [866]  {citrus fruit,                                                                              
    ##         tropical fruit}           => {other vegetables}      0.009049314  0.4540816 2.3467645    89
    ## [867]  {citrus fruit,                                                                              
    ##         other vegetables}         => {tropical fruit}        0.009049314  0.3133803 2.9865262    89
    ## [868]  {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         tropical fruit}           => {citrus fruit}          0.009049314  0.2521246 3.0462480    89
    ## [869]  {citrus fruit,                                                                              
    ##         tropical fruit}           => {whole milk}            0.009049314  0.4540816 1.7771161    89
    ## [870]  {citrus fruit,                                                                              
    ##         whole milk}               => {tropical fruit}        0.009049314  0.2966667 2.8272448    89
    ## [871]  {tropical fruit,                                                                            
    ##         whole milk}               => {citrus fruit}          0.009049314  0.2139423 2.5849172    89
    ## [872]  {citrus fruit,                                                                              
    ##         root vegetables}          => {other vegetables}      0.010371124  0.5862069 3.0296084   102
    ## [873]  {citrus fruit,                                                                              
    ##         other vegetables}         => {root vegetables}       0.010371124  0.3591549 3.2950455   102
    ## [874]  {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         root vegetables}          => {citrus fruit}          0.010371124  0.2188841 2.6446257   102
    ## [875]  {citrus fruit,                                                                              
    ##         root vegetables}          => {whole milk}            0.009150991  0.5172414 2.0243012    90
    ## [876]  {citrus fruit,                                                                              
    ##         whole milk}               => {root vegetables}       0.009150991  0.3000000 2.7523321    90
    ## [877]  {root vegetables,                                                                           
    ##         whole milk}               => {citrus fruit}          0.009150991  0.1871102 2.2607232    90
    ## [878]  {citrus fruit,                                                                              
    ##         yogurt}                   => {rolls/buns}            0.005795628  0.2676056 1.4548930    57
    ## [879]  {citrus fruit,                                                                              
    ##         rolls/buns}               => {yogurt}                0.005795628  0.3454545 2.4763451    57
    ## [880]  {rolls/buns,                                                                                
    ##         yogurt}                   => {citrus fruit}          0.005795628  0.1686391 2.0375492    57
    ## [881]  {citrus fruit,                                                                              
    ##         yogurt}                   => {other vegetables}      0.007625826  0.3521127 1.8197731    75
    ## [882]  {citrus fruit,                                                                              
    ##         other vegetables}         => {yogurt}                0.007625826  0.2640845 1.8930548    75
    ## [883]  {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         yogurt}                   => {citrus fruit}          0.007625826  0.1756440 2.1221855    75
    ## [884]  {citrus fruit,                                                                              
    ##         yogurt}                   => {whole milk}            0.010269446  0.4741784 1.8557678   101
    ## [885]  {citrus fruit,                                                                              
    ##         whole milk}               => {yogurt}                0.010269446  0.3366667 2.4133503   101
    ## [886]  {whole milk,                                                                                
    ##         yogurt}                   => {citrus fruit}          0.010269446  0.1833031 2.2147246   101
    ## [887]  {citrus fruit,                                                                              
    ##         rolls/buns}               => {other vegetables}      0.005998983  0.3575758 1.8480071    59
    ## [888]  {citrus fruit,                                                                              
    ##         other vegetables}         => {rolls/buns}            0.005998983  0.2077465 1.1294564    59
    ## [889]  {citrus fruit,                                                                              
    ##         rolls/buns}               => {whole milk}            0.007219115  0.4303030 1.6840550    71
    ## [890]  {citrus fruit,                                                                              
    ##         whole milk}               => {rolls/buns}            0.007219115  0.2366667 1.2866869    71
    ## [891]  {citrus fruit,                                                                              
    ##         other vegetables}         => {whole milk}            0.013014743  0.4507042 1.7638982   128
    ## [892]  {citrus fruit,                                                                              
    ##         whole milk}               => {other vegetables}      0.013014743  0.4266667 2.2050797   128
    ## [893]  {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         whole milk}               => {citrus fruit}          0.013014743  0.1739130 2.1012712   128
    ## [894]  {sausage,                                                                                   
    ##         shopping bags}            => {soda}                  0.005693950  0.3636364 2.0853432    56
    ## [895]  {shopping bags,                                                                             
    ##         soda}                     => {sausage}               0.005693950  0.2314050 2.4630604    56
    ## [896]  {sausage,                                                                                   
    ##         soda}                     => {shopping bags}         0.005693950  0.2343096 2.3781580    56
    ## [897]  {sausage,                                                                                   
    ##         shopping bags}            => {rolls/buns}            0.005998983  0.3831169 2.0828936    59
    ## [898]  {rolls/buns,                                                                                
    ##         shopping bags}            => {sausage}               0.005998983  0.3072917 3.2707939    59
    ## [899]  {rolls/buns,                                                                                
    ##         sausage}                  => {shopping bags}         0.005998983  0.1960133 1.9894641    59
    ## [900]  {sausage,                                                                                   
    ##         shopping bags}            => {other vegetables}      0.005388917  0.3441558 1.7786509    53
    ## [901]  {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         shopping bags}            => {sausage}               0.005388917  0.2324561 2.4742491    53
    ## [902]  {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         sausage}                  => {shopping bags}         0.005388917  0.2000000 2.0299278    53
    ## [903]  {root vegetables,                                                                           
    ##         shopping bags}            => {other vegetables}      0.006609049  0.5158730 2.6661120    65
    ## [904]  {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         shopping bags}            => {root vegetables}       0.006609049  0.2850877 2.6155203    65
    ## [905]  {root vegetables,                                                                           
    ##         shopping bags}            => {whole milk}            0.005287239  0.4126984 1.6151567    52
    ## [906]  {shopping bags,                                                                             
    ##         whole milk}               => {root vegetables}       0.005287239  0.2157676 1.9795473    52
    ## [907]  {shopping bags,                                                                             
    ##         soda}                     => {rolls/buns}            0.006304016  0.2561983 1.3928749    62
    ## [908]  {rolls/buns,                                                                                
    ##         shopping bags}            => {soda}                  0.006304016  0.3229167 1.8518282    62
    ## [909]  {rolls/buns,                                                                                
    ##         soda}                     => {shopping bags}         0.006304016  0.1644562 1.6691714    62
    ## [910]  {shopping bags,                                                                             
    ##         soda}                     => {other vegetables}      0.005388917  0.2190083 1.1318688    53
    ## [911]  {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         shopping bags}            => {soda}                  0.005388917  0.2324561 1.3330648    53
    ## [912]  {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         soda}                     => {shopping bags}         0.005388917  0.1645963 1.6705927    53
    ## [913]  {shopping bags,                                                                             
    ##         soda}                     => {whole milk}            0.006812405  0.2768595 1.0835309    67
    ## [914]  {shopping bags,                                                                             
    ##         whole milk}               => {soda}                  0.006812405  0.2780083 1.5942925    67
    ## [915]  {soda,                                                                                      
    ##         whole milk}               => {shopping bags}         0.006812405  0.1700508 1.7259538    67
    ## [916]  {shopping bags,                                                                             
    ##         yogurt}                   => {other vegetables}      0.005388917  0.3533333 1.8260816    53
    ## [917]  {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         shopping bags}            => {yogurt}                0.005388917  0.2324561 1.6663310    53
    ## [918]  {shopping bags,                                                                             
    ##         yogurt}                   => {whole milk}            0.005287239  0.3466667 1.3567317    52
    ## [919]  {shopping bags,                                                                             
    ##         whole milk}               => {yogurt}                0.005287239  0.2157676 1.5467017    52
    ## [920]  {rolls/buns,                                                                                
    ##         shopping bags}            => {other vegetables}      0.005287239  0.2708333 1.3997088    52
    ## [921]  {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         shopping bags}            => {rolls/buns}            0.005287239  0.2280702 1.2399503    52
    ## [922]  {rolls/buns,                                                                                
    ##         shopping bags}            => {whole milk}            0.005287239  0.2708333 1.0599466    52
    ## [923]  {shopping bags,                                                                             
    ##         whole milk}               => {rolls/buns}            0.005287239  0.2157676 1.1730651    52
    ## [924]  {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         shopping bags}            => {whole milk}            0.007625826  0.3289474 1.2873845    75
    ## [925]  {shopping bags,                                                                             
    ##         whole milk}               => {other vegetables}      0.007625826  0.3112033 1.6083472    75
    ## [926]  {bottled water,                                                                             
    ##         sausage}                  => {other vegetables}      0.005083884  0.4237288 2.1898964    50
    ## [927]  {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         sausage}                  => {bottled water}         0.005083884  0.1886792 1.7071393    50
    ## [928]  {bottled water,                                                                             
    ##         other vegetables}         => {sausage}               0.005083884  0.2049180 2.1811351    50
    ## [929]  {sausage,                                                                                   
    ##         tropical fruit}           => {other vegetables}      0.005998983  0.4306569 2.2257020    59
    ## [930]  {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         sausage}                  => {tropical fruit}        0.005998983  0.2226415 2.1217822    59
    ## [931]  {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         tropical fruit}           => {sausage}               0.005998983  0.1671388 1.7790154    59
    ## [932]  {sausage,                                                                                   
    ##         tropical fruit}           => {whole milk}            0.007219115  0.5182482 2.0282415    71
    ## [933]  {sausage,                                                                                   
    ##         whole milk}               => {tropical fruit}        0.007219115  0.2414966 2.3014719    71
    ## [934]  {tropical fruit,                                                                            
    ##         whole milk}               => {sausage}               0.007219115  0.1706731 1.8166339    71
    ## [935]  {root vegetables,                                                                           
    ##         sausage}                  => {yogurt}                0.005185562  0.3469388 2.4869846    51
    ## [936]  {sausage,                                                                                   
    ##         yogurt}                   => {root vegetables}       0.005185562  0.2642487 2.4243340    51
    ## [937]  {root vegetables,                                                                           
    ##         yogurt}                   => {sausage}               0.005185562  0.2007874 2.1371689    51
    ## [938]  {root vegetables,                                                                           
    ##         sausage}                  => {other vegetables}      0.006812405  0.4557823 2.3555539    67
    ## [939]  {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         sausage}                  => {root vegetables}       0.006812405  0.2528302 2.3195755    67
    ## [940]  {root vegetables,                                                                           
    ##         sausage}                  => {whole milk}            0.007727504  0.5170068 2.0233832    76
    ## [941]  {sausage,                                                                                   
    ##         whole milk}               => {root vegetables}       0.007727504  0.2585034 2.3716240    76
    ## [942]  {root vegetables,                                                                           
    ##         whole milk}               => {sausage}               0.007727504  0.1580042 1.6817867    76
    ## [943]  {sausage,                                                                                   
    ##         soda}                     => {yogurt}                0.005592272  0.2301255 1.6496243    55
    ## [944]  {sausage,                                                                                   
    ##         yogurt}                   => {soda}                  0.005592272  0.2849741 1.6342392    55
    ## [945]  {soda,                                                                                      
    ##         yogurt}                   => {sausage}               0.005592272  0.2044610 2.1762701    55
    ## [946]  {sausage,                                                                                   
    ##         soda}                     => {rolls/buns}            0.009659380  0.3974895 2.1610335    95
    ## [947]  {rolls/buns,                                                                                
    ##         sausage}                  => {soda}                  0.009659380  0.3156146 1.8099532    95
    ## [948]  {rolls/buns,                                                                                
    ##         soda}                     => {sausage}               0.009659380  0.2519894 2.6821598    95
    ## [949]  {sausage,                                                                                   
    ##         soda}                     => {other vegetables}      0.007219115  0.2970711 1.5353098    71
    ## [950]  {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         sausage}                  => {soda}                  0.007219115  0.2679245 1.5364652    71
    ## [951]  {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         soda}                     => {sausage}               0.007219115  0.2204969 2.3469556    71
    ## [952]  {sausage,                                                                                   
    ##         soda}                     => {whole milk}            0.006710727  0.2761506 1.0807566    66
    ## [953]  {sausage,                                                                                   
    ##         whole milk}               => {soda}                  0.006710727  0.2244898 1.2873803    66
    ## [954]  {soda,                                                                                      
    ##         whole milk}               => {sausage}               0.006710727  0.1675127 1.7829949    66
    ## [955]  {sausage,                                                                                   
    ##         yogurt}                   => {rolls/buns}            0.005998983  0.3056995 1.6619980    59
    ## [956]  {rolls/buns,                                                                                
    ##         sausage}                  => {yogurt}                0.005998983  0.1960133 1.4050953    59
    ## [957]  {rolls/buns,                                                                                
    ##         yogurt}                   => {sausage}               0.005998983  0.1745562 1.8579658    59
    ## [958]  {sausage,                                                                                   
    ##         yogurt}                   => {other vegetables}      0.008134215  0.4145078 2.1422406    80
    ## [959]  {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         sausage}                  => {yogurt}                0.008134215  0.3018868 2.1640354    80
    ## [960]  {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         yogurt}                   => {sausage}               0.008134215  0.1873536 1.9941807    80
    ## [961]  {sausage,                                                                                   
    ##         yogurt}                   => {whole milk}            0.008744281  0.4455959 1.7439058    86
    ## [962]  {sausage,                                                                                   
    ##         whole milk}               => {yogurt}                0.008744281  0.2925170 2.0968694    86
    ## [963]  {whole milk,                                                                                
    ##         yogurt}                   => {sausage}               0.008744281  0.1560799 1.6613045    86
    ## [964]  {rolls/buns,                                                                                
    ##         sausage}                  => {other vegetables}      0.008845958  0.2890365 1.4937858    87
    ## [965]  {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         sausage}                  => {rolls/buns}            0.008845958  0.3283019 1.7848806    87
    ## [966]  {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         rolls/buns}               => {sausage}               0.008845958  0.2076372 2.2100781    87
    ## [967]  {rolls/buns,                                                                                
    ##         sausage}                  => {whole milk}            0.009354347  0.3056478 1.1961984    92
    ## [968]  {sausage,                                                                                   
    ##         whole milk}               => {rolls/buns}            0.009354347  0.3129252 1.7012820    92
    ## [969]  {rolls/buns,                                                                                
    ##         whole milk}               => {sausage}               0.009354347  0.1651706 1.7580654    92
    ## [970]  {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         sausage}                  => {whole milk}            0.010167768  0.3773585 1.4768487   100
    ## [971]  {sausage,                                                                                   
    ##         whole milk}               => {other vegetables}      0.010167768  0.3401361 1.7578760   100
    ## [972]  {bottled water,                                                                             
    ##         tropical fruit}           => {soda}                  0.005185562  0.2802198 1.6069747    51
    ## [973]  {bottled water,                                                                             
    ##         soda}                     => {tropical fruit}        0.005185562  0.1789474 1.7053754    51
    ## [974]  {soda,                                                                                      
    ##         tropical fruit}           => {bottled water}         0.005185562  0.2487805 2.2509256    51
    ## [975]  {bottled water,                                                                             
    ##         tropical fruit}           => {yogurt}                0.007117438  0.3846154 2.7570644    70
    ## [976]  {bottled water,                                                                             
    ##         yogurt}                   => {tropical fruit}        0.007117438  0.3097345 2.9517819    70
    ## [977]  {tropical fruit,                                                                            
    ##         yogurt}                   => {bottled water}         0.007117438  0.2430556 2.1991273    70
    ## [978]  {bottled water,                                                                             
    ##         tropical fruit}           => {rolls/buns}            0.005388917  0.2912088 1.5832164    53
    ## [979]  {bottled water,                                                                             
    ##         rolls/buns}               => {tropical fruit}        0.005388917  0.2226891 2.1222355    53
    ## [980]  {rolls/buns,                                                                                
    ##         tropical fruit}           => {bottled water}         0.005388917  0.2190083 1.9815513    53
    ## [981]  {bottled water,                                                                             
    ##         tropical fruit}           => {other vegetables}      0.006202339  0.3351648 1.7321840    61
    ## [982]  {bottled water,                                                                             
    ##         other vegetables}         => {tropical fruit}        0.006202339  0.2500000 2.3825097    61
    ## [983]  {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         tropical fruit}           => {bottled water}         0.006202339  0.1728045 1.5635074    61
    ## [984]  {bottled water,                                                                             
    ##         tropical fruit}           => {whole milk}            0.008032537  0.4340659 1.6987817    79
    ## [985]  {bottled water,                                                                             
    ##         whole milk}               => {tropical fruit}        0.008032537  0.2337278 2.2274351    79
    ## [986]  {tropical fruit,                                                                            
    ##         whole milk}               => {bottled water}         0.008032537  0.1899038 1.7182193    79
    ## [987]  {bottled water,                                                                             
    ##         root vegetables}          => {other vegetables}      0.007015760  0.4480519 2.3156022    69
    ## [988]  {bottled water,                                                                             
    ##         other vegetables}         => {root vegetables}       0.007015760  0.2827869 2.5944114    69
    ## [989]  {bottled water,                                                                             
    ##         root vegetables}          => {whole milk}            0.007320793  0.4675325 1.8297580    72
    ## [990]  {bottled water,                                                                             
    ##         whole milk}               => {root vegetables}       0.007320793  0.2130178 1.9543186    72
    ## [991]  {bottled water,                                                                             
    ##         soda}                     => {yogurt}                0.007422471  0.2561404 1.8361081    73
    ## [992]  {bottled water,                                                                             
    ##         yogurt}                   => {soda}                  0.007422471  0.3230088 1.8523569    73
    ## [993]  {soda,                                                                                      
    ##         yogurt}                   => {bottled water}         0.007422471  0.2713755 2.4553613    73
    ## [994]  {bottled water,                                                                             
    ##         soda}                     => {rolls/buns}            0.006812405  0.2350877 1.2781027    67
    ## [995]  {bottled water,                                                                             
    ##         rolls/buns}               => {soda}                  0.006812405  0.2815126 1.6143886    67
    ## [996]  {rolls/buns,                                                                                
    ##         soda}                     => {bottled water}         0.006812405  0.1777188 1.6079712    67
    ## [997]  {bottled water,                                                                             
    ##         soda}                     => {other vegetables}      0.005693950  0.1964912 1.0154972    56
    ## [998]  {bottled water,                                                                             
    ##         other vegetables}         => {soda}                  0.005693950  0.2295082 1.3161593    56
    ## [999]  {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         soda}                     => {bottled water}         0.005693950  0.1739130 1.5735371    56
    ## [1000] {bottled water,                                                                             
    ##         soda}                     => {whole milk}            0.007524148  0.2596491 1.0161755    74
    ## [1001] {bottled water,                                                                             
    ##         whole milk}               => {soda}                  0.007524148  0.2189349 1.2555247    74
    ## [1002] {soda,                                                                                      
    ##         whole milk}               => {bottled water}         0.007524148  0.1878173 1.6993401    74
    ## [1003] {bottled water,                                                                             
    ##         yogurt}                   => {rolls/buns}            0.007117438  0.3097345 1.6839353    70
    ## [1004] {bottled water,                                                                             
    ##         rolls/buns}               => {yogurt}                0.007117438  0.2941176 2.1083433    70
    ## [1005] {rolls/buns,                                                                                
    ##         yogurt}                   => {bottled water}         0.007117438  0.2071006 1.8738126    70
    ## [1006] {bottled water,                                                                             
    ##         yogurt}                   => {other vegetables}      0.008134215  0.3539823 1.8294356    80
    ## [1007] {bottled water,                                                                             
    ##         other vegetables}         => {yogurt}                0.008134215  0.3278689 2.3502844    80
    ## [1008] {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         yogurt}                   => {bottled water}         0.008134215  0.1873536 1.6951453    80
    ## [1009] {bottled water,                                                                             
    ##         yogurt}                   => {whole milk}            0.009659380  0.4203540 1.6451180    95
    ## [1010] {bottled water,                                                                             
    ##         whole milk}               => {yogurt}                0.009659380  0.2810651 2.0147778    95
    ## [1011] {whole milk,                                                                                
    ##         yogurt}                   => {bottled water}         0.009659380  0.1724138 1.5599721    95
    ## [1012] {bottled water,                                                                             
    ##         rolls/buns}               => {other vegetables}      0.007320793  0.3025210 1.5634756    72
    ## [1013] {bottled water,                                                                             
    ##         other vegetables}         => {rolls/buns}            0.007320793  0.2950820 1.6042737    72
    ## [1014] {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         rolls/buns}               => {bottled water}         0.007320793  0.1718377 1.5547598    72
    ## [1015] {bottled water,                                                                             
    ##         rolls/buns}               => {whole milk}            0.008744281  0.3613445 1.4141757    86
    ## [1016] {bottled water,                                                                             
    ##         whole milk}               => {rolls/buns}            0.008744281  0.2544379 1.3833037    86
    ## [1017] {rolls/buns,                                                                                
    ##         whole milk}               => {bottled water}         0.008744281  0.1543986 1.3969732    86
    ## [1018] {bottled water,                                                                             
    ##         other vegetables}         => {whole milk}            0.010777834  0.4344262 1.7001918   106
    ## [1019] {bottled water,                                                                             
    ##         whole milk}               => {other vegetables}      0.010777834  0.3136095 1.6207825   106
    ## [1020] {root vegetables,                                                                           
    ##         tropical fruit}           => {yogurt}                0.008134215  0.3864734 2.7703835    80
    ## [1021] {tropical fruit,                                                                            
    ##         yogurt}                   => {root vegetables}       0.008134215  0.2777778 2.5484556    80
    ## [1022] {root vegetables,                                                                           
    ##         yogurt}                   => {tropical fruit}        0.008134215  0.3149606 3.0015870    80
    ## [1023] {root vegetables,                                                                           
    ##         tropical fruit}           => {rolls/buns}            0.005897306  0.2801932 1.5233281    58
    ## [1024] {rolls/buns,                                                                                
    ##         tropical fruit}           => {root vegetables}       0.005897306  0.2396694 2.1988328    58
    ## [1025] {rolls/buns,                                                                                
    ##         root vegetables}          => {tropical fruit}        0.005897306  0.2426778 2.3127291    58
    ## [1026] {root vegetables,                                                                           
    ##         tropical fruit}           => {other vegetables}      0.012302999  0.5845411 3.0209991   121
    ## [1027] {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         tropical fruit}           => {root vegetables}       0.012302999  0.3427762 3.1447798   121
    ## [1028] {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         root vegetables}          => {tropical fruit}        0.012302999  0.2596567 2.4745380   121
    ## [1029] {root vegetables,                                                                           
    ##         tropical fruit}           => {whole milk}            0.011997966  0.5700483 2.2309690   118
    ## [1030] {tropical fruit,                                                                            
    ##         whole milk}               => {root vegetables}       0.011997966  0.2836538 2.6023653   118
    ## [1031] {root vegetables,                                                                           
    ##         whole milk}               => {tropical fruit}        0.011997966  0.2453222 2.3379305   118
    ## [1032] {soda,                                                                                      
    ##         tropical fruit}           => {yogurt}                0.006609049  0.3170732 2.2728970    65
    ## [1033] {tropical fruit,                                                                            
    ##         yogurt}                   => {soda}                  0.006609049  0.2256944 1.2942885    65
    ## [1034] {soda,                                                                                      
    ##         yogurt}                   => {tropical fruit}        0.006609049  0.2416357 2.3027975    65
    ## [1035] {soda,                                                                                      
    ##         tropical fruit}           => {rolls/buns}            0.005388917  0.2585366 1.4055872    53
    ## [1036] {rolls/buns,                                                                                
    ##         tropical fruit}           => {soda}                  0.005388917  0.2190083 1.2559454    53
    ## [1037] {soda,                                                                                      
    ##         tropical fruit}           => {other vegetables}      0.007219115  0.3463415 1.7899466    71
    ## [1038] {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         tropical fruit}           => {soda}                  0.007219115  0.2011331 1.1534370    71
    ## [1039] {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         soda}                     => {tropical fruit}        0.007219115  0.2204969 2.1013440    71
    ## [1040] {soda,                                                                                      
    ##         tropical fruit}           => {whole milk}            0.007829181  0.3756098 1.4700048    77
    ## [1041] {tropical fruit,                                                                            
    ##         whole milk}               => {soda}                  0.007829181  0.1850962 1.0614698    77
    ## [1042] {soda,                                                                                      
    ##         whole milk}               => {tropical fruit}        0.007829181  0.1954315 1.8624695    77
    ## [1043] {tropical fruit,                                                                            
    ##         yogurt}                   => {rolls/buns}            0.008744281  0.2986111 1.6234606    86
    ## [1044] {rolls/buns,                                                                                
    ##         tropical fruit}           => {yogurt}                0.008744281  0.3553719 2.5474363    86
    ## [1045] {rolls/buns,                                                                                
    ##         yogurt}                   => {tropical fruit}        0.008744281  0.2544379 2.4248028    86
    ## [1046] {tropical fruit,                                                                            
    ##         yogurt}                   => {other vegetables}      0.012302999  0.4201389 2.1713431   121
    ## [1047] {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         tropical fruit}           => {yogurt}                0.012302999  0.3427762 2.4571457   121
    ## [1048] {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         yogurt}                   => {tropical fruit}        0.012302999  0.2833724 2.7005496   121
    ## [1049] {tropical fruit,                                                                            
    ##         yogurt}                   => {whole milk}            0.015149975  0.5173611 2.0247698   149
    ## [1050] {tropical fruit,                                                                            
    ##         whole milk}               => {yogurt}                0.015149975  0.3581731 2.5675162   149
    ## [1051] {whole milk,                                                                                
    ##         yogurt}                   => {tropical fruit}        0.015149975  0.2704174 2.5770885   149
    ## [1052] {rolls/buns,                                                                                
    ##         tropical fruit}           => {other vegetables}      0.007829181  0.3181818 1.6444131    77
    ## [1053] {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         tropical fruit}           => {rolls/buns}            0.007829181  0.2181303 1.1859102    77
    ## [1054] {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         rolls/buns}               => {tropical fruit}        0.007829181  0.1837709 1.7513436    77
    ## [1055] {rolls/buns,                                                                                
    ##         tropical fruit}           => {whole milk}            0.010981190  0.4462810 1.7465872   108
    ## [1056] {tropical fruit,                                                                            
    ##         whole milk}               => {rolls/buns}            0.010981190  0.2596154 1.4114524   108
    ## [1057] {rolls/buns,                                                                                
    ##         whole milk}               => {tropical fruit}        0.010981190  0.1938959 1.8478352   108
    ## [1058] {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         tropical fruit}           => {whole milk}            0.017081851  0.4759207 1.8625865   168
    ## [1059] {tropical fruit,                                                                            
    ##         whole milk}               => {other vegetables}      0.017081851  0.4038462 2.0871397   168
    ## [1060] {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         whole milk}               => {tropical fruit}        0.017081851  0.2282609 2.1753349   168
    ## [1061] {root vegetables,                                                                           
    ##         soda}                     => {other vegetables}      0.008235892  0.4426230 2.2875443    81
    ## [1062] {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         root vegetables}          => {soda}                  0.008235892  0.1738197 0.9968030    81
    ## [1063] {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         soda}                     => {root vegetables}       0.008235892  0.2515528 2.3078561    81
    ## [1064] {root vegetables,                                                                           
    ##         soda}                     => {whole milk}            0.008134215  0.4371585 1.7108848    80
    ## [1065] {root vegetables,                                                                           
    ##         whole milk}               => {soda}                  0.008134215  0.1663202 0.9537952    80
    ## [1066] {soda,                                                                                      
    ##         whole milk}               => {root vegetables}       0.008134215  0.2030457 1.8628305    80
    ## [1067] {root vegetables,                                                                           
    ##         yogurt}                   => {rolls/buns}            0.007219115  0.2795276 1.5197090    71
    ## [1068] {rolls/buns,                                                                                
    ##         root vegetables}          => {yogurt}                0.007219115  0.2970711 2.1295150    71
    ## [1069] {rolls/buns,                                                                                
    ##         yogurt}                   => {root vegetables}       0.007219115  0.2100592 1.9271753    71
    ## [1070] {root vegetables,                                                                           
    ##         yogurt}                   => {other vegetables}      0.012913066  0.5000000 2.5840778   127
    ## [1071] {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         root vegetables}          => {yogurt}                0.012913066  0.2725322 1.9536108   127
    ## [1072] {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         yogurt}                   => {root vegetables}       0.012913066  0.2974239 2.7286977   127
    ## [1073] {root vegetables,                                                                           
    ##         yogurt}                   => {whole milk}            0.014539908  0.5629921 2.2033536   143
    ## [1074] {root vegetables,                                                                           
    ##         whole milk}               => {yogurt}                0.014539908  0.2972973 2.1311362   143
    ## [1075] {whole milk,                                                                                
    ##         yogurt}                   => {root vegetables}       0.014539908  0.2595281 2.3810253   143
    ## [1076] {rolls/buns,                                                                                
    ##         root vegetables}          => {other vegetables}      0.012201322  0.5020921 2.5948898   120
    ## [1077] {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         root vegetables}          => {rolls/buns}            0.012201322  0.2575107 1.4000100   120
    ## [1078] {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         rolls/buns}               => {root vegetables}       0.012201322  0.2863962 2.6275247   120
    ## [1079] {rolls/buns,                                                                                
    ##         root vegetables}          => {whole milk}            0.012709710  0.5230126 2.0468876   125
    ## [1080] {root vegetables,                                                                           
    ##         whole milk}               => {rolls/buns}            0.012709710  0.2598753 1.4128652   125
    ## [1081] {rolls/buns,                                                                                
    ##         whole milk}               => {root vegetables}       0.012709710  0.2244165 2.0588959   125
    ## [1082] {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         root vegetables}          => {whole milk}            0.023182511  0.4892704 1.9148326   228
    ## [1083] {root vegetables,                                                                           
    ##         whole milk}               => {other vegetables}      0.023182511  0.4740125 2.4497702   228
    ## [1084] {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         whole milk}               => {root vegetables}       0.023182511  0.3097826 2.8420820   228
    ## [1085] {soda,                                                                                      
    ##         yogurt}                   => {rolls/buns}            0.008642603  0.3159851 1.7179181    85
    ## [1086] {rolls/buns,                                                                                
    ##         soda}                     => {yogurt}                0.008642603  0.2254642 1.6162101    85
    ## [1087] {rolls/buns,                                                                                
    ##         yogurt}                   => {soda}                  0.008642603  0.2514793 1.4421567    85
    ## [1088] {soda,                                                                                      
    ##         yogurt}                   => {other vegetables}      0.008337570  0.3048327 1.5754229    82
    ## [1089] {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         soda}                     => {yogurt}                0.008337570  0.2546584 1.8254849    82
    ## [1090] {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         yogurt}                   => {soda}                  0.008337570  0.1920375 1.1012761    82
    ## [1091] {soda,                                                                                      
    ##         yogurt}                   => {whole milk}            0.010472801  0.3828996 1.4985348   103
    ## [1092] {soda,                                                                                      
    ##         whole milk}               => {yogurt}                0.010472801  0.2614213 1.8739641   103
    ## [1093] {whole milk,                                                                                
    ##         yogurt}                   => {soda}                  0.010472801  0.1869328 1.0720027   103
    ## [1094] {rolls/buns,                                                                                
    ##         soda}                     => {other vegetables}      0.009862735  0.2572944 1.3297376    97
    ## [1095] {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         soda}                     => {rolls/buns}            0.009862735  0.3012422 1.6377653    97
    ## [1096] {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         rolls/buns}               => {soda}                  0.009862735  0.2315036 1.3276022    97
    ## [1097] {rolls/buns,                                                                                
    ##         soda}                     => {whole milk}            0.008845958  0.2307692 0.9031498    87
    ## [1098] {soda,                                                                                      
    ##         whole milk}               => {rolls/buns}            0.008845958  0.2208122 1.2004908    87
    ## [1099] {rolls/buns,                                                                                
    ##         whole milk}               => {soda}                  0.008845958  0.1561939 0.8957242    87
    ## [1100] {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         soda}                     => {whole milk}            0.013929842  0.4254658 1.6651240   137
    ## [1101] {soda,                                                                                      
    ##         whole milk}               => {other vegetables}      0.013929842  0.3477157 1.7970490   137
    ## [1102] {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         whole milk}               => {soda}                  0.013929842  0.1861413 1.0674634   137
    ## [1103] {rolls/buns,                                                                                
    ##         yogurt}                   => {other vegetables}      0.011489578  0.3343195 1.7278153   113
    ## [1104] {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         yogurt}                   => {rolls/buns}            0.011489578  0.2646370 1.4387534   113
    ## [1105] {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         rolls/buns}               => {yogurt}                0.011489578  0.2696897 1.9332351   113
    ## [1106] {rolls/buns,                                                                                
    ##         yogurt}                   => {whole milk}            0.015556685  0.4526627 1.7715630   153
    ## [1107] {whole milk,                                                                                
    ##         yogurt}                   => {rolls/buns}            0.015556685  0.2776770 1.5096478   153
    ## [1108] {rolls/buns,                                                                                
    ##         whole milk}               => {yogurt}                0.015556685  0.2746858 1.9690488   153
    ## [1109] {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         yogurt}                   => {whole milk}            0.022267412  0.5128806 2.0072345   219
    ## [1110] {whole milk,                                                                                
    ##         yogurt}                   => {other vegetables}      0.022267412  0.3974592 2.0541308   219
    ## [1111] {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         whole milk}               => {yogurt}                0.022267412  0.2975543 2.1329789   219
    ## [1112] {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         rolls/buns}               => {whole milk}            0.017895272  0.4200477 1.6439194   176
    ## [1113] {rolls/buns,                                                                                
    ##         whole milk}               => {other vegetables}      0.017895272  0.3159785 1.6330258   176
    ## [1114] {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         whole milk}               => {rolls/buns}            0.017895272  0.2391304 1.3000817   176
    ## [1115] {fruit/vegetable juice,                                                                     
    ##         other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         yogurt}                   => {whole milk}            0.005083884  0.6172840 2.4158327    50
    ## [1116] {fruit/vegetable juice,                                                                     
    ##         whole milk,                                                                                
    ##         yogurt}                   => {other vegetables}      0.005083884  0.5376344 2.7785782    50
    ## [1117] {fruit/vegetable juice,                                                                     
    ##         other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         whole milk}               => {yogurt}                0.005083884  0.4854369 3.4797900    50
    ## [1118] {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         whole milk,                                                                                
    ##         yogurt}                   => {fruit/vegetable juice} 0.005083884  0.2283105 3.1581347    50
    ## [1119] {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         root vegetables,                                                                           
    ##         whipped/sour cream}       => {whole milk}            0.005185562  0.6071429 2.3761441    51
    ## [1120] {root vegetables,                                                                           
    ##         whipped/sour cream,                                                                        
    ##         whole milk}               => {other vegetables}      0.005185562  0.5483871 2.8341498    51
    ## [1121] {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         whipped/sour cream,                                                                        
    ##         whole milk}               => {root vegetables}       0.005185562  0.3541667 3.2492809    51
    ## [1122] {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         root vegetables,                                                                           
    ##         whole milk}               => {whipped/sour cream}    0.005185562  0.2236842 3.1204741    51
    ## [1123] {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         whipped/sour cream,                                                                        
    ##         yogurt}                   => {whole milk}            0.005592272  0.5500000 2.1525070    55
    ## [1124] {whipped/sour cream,                                                                        
    ##         whole milk,                                                                                
    ##         yogurt}                   => {other vegetables}      0.005592272  0.5140187 2.6565286    55
    ## [1125] {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         whipped/sour cream,                                                                        
    ##         whole milk}               => {yogurt}                0.005592272  0.3819444 2.7379181    55
    ## [1126] {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         whole milk,                                                                                
    ##         yogurt}                   => {whipped/sour cream}    0.005592272  0.2511416 3.5035137    55
    ## [1127] {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         pip fruit,                                                                                 
    ##         root vegetables}          => {whole milk}            0.005490595  0.6750000 2.6417131    54
    ## [1128] {pip fruit,                                                                                 
    ##         root vegetables,                                                                           
    ##         whole milk}               => {other vegetables}      0.005490595  0.6136364 3.1713682    54
    ## [1129] {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         pip fruit,                                                                                 
    ##         whole milk}               => {root vegetables}       0.005490595  0.4060150 3.7249607    54
    ## [1130] {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         root vegetables,                                                                           
    ##         whole milk}               => {pip fruit}             0.005490595  0.2368421 3.1308362    54
    ## [1131] {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         pip fruit,                                                                                 
    ##         yogurt}                   => {whole milk}            0.005083884  0.6250000 2.4460306    50
    ## [1132] {pip fruit,                                                                                 
    ##         whole milk,                                                                                
    ##         yogurt}                   => {other vegetables}      0.005083884  0.5319149 2.7490189    50
    ## [1133] {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         pip fruit,                                                                                 
    ##         whole milk}               => {yogurt}                0.005083884  0.3759398 2.6948749    50
    ## [1134] {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         whole milk,                                                                                
    ##         yogurt}                   => {pip fruit}             0.005083884  0.2283105 3.0180562    50
    ## [1135] {citrus fruit,                                                                              
    ##         other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         root vegetables}          => {whole milk}            0.005795628  0.5588235 2.1870392    57
    ## [1136] {citrus fruit,                                                                              
    ##         root vegetables,                                                                           
    ##         whole milk}               => {other vegetables}      0.005795628  0.6333333 3.2731652    57
    ## [1137] {citrus fruit,                                                                              
    ##         other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         whole milk}               => {root vegetables}       0.005795628  0.4453125 4.0854929    57
    ## [1138] {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         root vegetables,                                                                           
    ##         whole milk}               => {citrus fruit}          0.005795628  0.2500000 3.0205774    57
    ## [1139] {root vegetables,                                                                           
    ##         tropical fruit,                                                                            
    ##         yogurt}                   => {whole milk}            0.005693950  0.7000000 2.7395543    56
    ## [1140] {root vegetables,                                                                           
    ##         tropical fruit,                                                                            
    ##         whole milk}               => {yogurt}                0.005693950  0.4745763 3.4019370    56
    ## [1141] {tropical fruit,                                                                            
    ##         whole milk,                                                                                
    ##         yogurt}                   => {root vegetables}       0.005693950  0.3758389 3.4481118    56
    ## [1142] {root vegetables,                                                                           
    ##         whole milk,                                                                                
    ##         yogurt}                   => {tropical fruit}        0.005693950  0.3916084 3.7320432    56
    ## [1143] {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         root vegetables,                                                                           
    ##         tropical fruit}           => {whole milk}            0.007015760  0.5702479 2.2317503    69
    ## [1144] {root vegetables,                                                                           
    ##         tropical fruit,                                                                            
    ##         whole milk}               => {other vegetables}      0.007015760  0.5847458 3.0220571    69
    ## [1145] {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         tropical fruit,                                                                            
    ##         whole milk}               => {root vegetables}       0.007015760  0.4107143 3.7680737    69
    ## [1146] {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         root vegetables,                                                                           
    ##         whole milk}               => {tropical fruit}        0.007015760  0.3026316 2.8840907    69
    ## [1147] {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         tropical fruit,                                                                            
    ##         yogurt}                   => {whole milk}            0.007625826  0.6198347 2.4258155    75
    ## [1148] {tropical fruit,                                                                            
    ##         whole milk,                                                                                
    ##         yogurt}                   => {other vegetables}      0.007625826  0.5033557 2.6014206    75
    ## [1149] {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         tropical fruit,                                                                            
    ##         whole milk}               => {yogurt}                0.007625826  0.4464286 3.2001640    75
    ## [1150] {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         whole milk,                                                                                
    ##         yogurt}                   => {tropical fruit}        0.007625826  0.3424658 3.2637119    75
    ## [1151] {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         root vegetables,                                                                           
    ##         yogurt}                   => {whole milk}            0.007829181  0.6062992 2.3728423    77
    ## [1152] {root vegetables,                                                                           
    ##         whole milk,                                                                                
    ##         yogurt}                   => {other vegetables}      0.007829181  0.5384615 2.7828530    77
    ## [1153] {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         root vegetables,                                                                           
    ##         whole milk}               => {yogurt}                0.007829181  0.3377193 2.4208960    77
    ## [1154] {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         whole milk,                                                                                
    ##         yogurt}                   => {root vegetables}       0.007829181  0.3515982 3.2257165    77
    ## [1155] {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         rolls/buns,                                                                                
    ##         root vegetables}          => {whole milk}            0.006202339  0.5083333 1.9894383    61
    ## [1156] {rolls/buns,                                                                                
    ##         root vegetables,                                                                           
    ##         whole milk}               => {other vegetables}      0.006202339  0.4880000 2.5220599    61
    ## [1157] {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         root vegetables,                                                                           
    ##         whole milk}               => {rolls/buns}            0.006202339  0.2675439 1.4545571    61
    ## [1158] {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         rolls/buns,                                                                                
    ##         whole milk}               => {root vegetables}       0.006202339  0.3465909 3.1797776    61
    ## [1159] {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         rolls/buns,                                                                                
    ##         yogurt}                   => {whole milk}            0.005998983  0.5221239 2.0434097    59
    ## [1160] {rolls/buns,                                                                                
    ##         whole milk,                                                                                
    ##         yogurt}                   => {other vegetables}      0.005998983  0.3856209 1.9929489    59
    ## [1161] {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         whole milk,                                                                                
    ##         yogurt}                   => {rolls/buns}            0.005998983  0.2694064 1.4646832    59
    ## [1162] {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         rolls/buns,                                                                                
    ##         whole milk}               => {yogurt}                0.005998983  0.3352273 2.4030322    59

    #LIFT:Measures that take into account statistical dependence: only inpect items with LIFT value >=3
    inspect(subset(groceries_rule, subset=lift > 3))

    ##      lhs                        rhs                         support confidence     lift count
    ## [1]  {herbs}                 => {root vegetables}       0.007015760  0.4312500 3.956477    69
    ## [2]  {ham}                   => {white bread}           0.005083884  0.1953125 4.639851    50
    ## [3]  {sliced cheese}         => {sausage}               0.007015760  0.2863071 3.047435    69
    ## [4]  {berries}               => {whipped/sour cream}    0.009049314  0.2721713 3.796886    89
    ## [5]  {hygiene articles}      => {napkins}               0.006100661  0.1851852 3.536498    60
    ## [6]  {waffles}               => {chocolate}             0.005795628  0.1507937 3.039048    57
    ## [7]  {chicken}               => {frozen vegetables}     0.006710727  0.1563981 3.251956    66
    ## [8]  {beef}                  => {root vegetables}       0.017386884  0.3313953 3.040367   171
    ## [9]  {root vegetables}       => {beef}                  0.017386884  0.1595149 3.040367   171
    ## [10] {onions,                                                                                
    ##       root vegetables}       => {other vegetables}      0.005693950  0.6021505 3.112008    56
    ## [11] {onions,                                                                                
    ##       other vegetables}      => {root vegetables}       0.005693950  0.4000000 3.669776    56
    ## [12] {chicken,                                                                               
    ##       whole milk}            => {root vegetables}       0.005998983  0.3410405 3.128855    59
    ## [13] {frozen vegetables,                                                                     
    ##       other vegetables}      => {root vegetables}       0.006100661  0.3428571 3.145522    60
    ## [14] {beef,                                                                                  
    ##       other vegetables}      => {root vegetables}       0.007930859  0.4020619 3.688692    78
    ## [15] {other vegetables,                                                                      
    ##       root vegetables}       => {beef}                  0.007930859  0.1673820 3.190313    78
    ## [16] {beef,                                                                                  
    ##       whole milk}            => {root vegetables}       0.008032537  0.3779904 3.467851    79
    ## [17] {root vegetables,                                                                       
    ##       whole milk}            => {beef}                  0.008032537  0.1642412 3.130449    79
    ## [18] {curd,                                                                                  
    ##       whole milk}            => {whipped/sour cream}    0.005897306  0.2256809 3.148329    58
    ## [19] {whipped/sour cream,                                                                    
    ##       whole milk}            => {curd}                  0.005897306  0.1829653 3.434091    58
    ## [20] {curd,                                                                                  
    ##       tropical fruit}        => {yogurt}                0.005287239  0.5148515 3.690645    52
    ## [21] {tropical fruit,                                                                        
    ##       yogurt}                => {curd}                  0.005287239  0.1805556 3.388862    52
    ## [22] {whole milk,                                                                            
    ##       yogurt}                => {curd}                  0.010066090  0.1796733 3.372304    99
    ## [23] {margarine,                                                                             
    ##       whole milk}            => {domestic eggs}         0.005185562  0.2142857 3.377404    51
    ## [24] {butter,                                                                                
    ##       whole milk}            => {domestic eggs}         0.005998983  0.2177122 3.431409    59
    ## [25] {domestic eggs,                                                                         
    ##       whole milk}            => {butter}                0.005998983  0.2000000 3.609174    59
    ## [26] {butter,                                                                                
    ##       other vegetables}      => {whipped/sour cream}    0.005795628  0.2893401 4.036397    57
    ## [27] {other vegetables,                                                                      
    ##       whipped/sour cream}    => {butter}                0.005795628  0.2007042 3.621883    57
    ## [28] {butter,                                                                                
    ##       whole milk}            => {whipped/sour cream}    0.006710727  0.2435424 3.397503    66
    ## [29] {whipped/sour cream,                                                                    
    ##       whole milk}            => {butter}                0.006710727  0.2082019 3.757185    66
    ## [30] {citrus fruit,                                                                          
    ##       whole milk}            => {butter}                0.005083884  0.1666667 3.007645    50
    ## [31] {butter,                                                                                
    ##       other vegetables}      => {root vegetables}       0.006609049  0.3299492 3.027100    65
    ## [32] {root vegetables,                                                                       
    ##       whole milk}            => {butter}                0.008235892  0.1683992 3.038910    81
    ## [33] {whole milk,                                                                            
    ##       yogurt}                => {butter}                0.009354347  0.1669691 3.013104    92
    ## [34] {domestic eggs,                                                                         
    ##       other vegetables}      => {whipped/sour cream}    0.005083884  0.2283105 3.185012    50
    ## [35] {domestic eggs,                                                                         
    ##       other vegetables}      => {root vegetables}       0.007320793  0.3287671 3.016254    72
    ## [36] {pip fruit,                                                                             
    ##       whipped/sour cream}    => {other vegetables}      0.005592272  0.6043956 3.123610    55
    ## [37] {tropical fruit,                                                                        
    ##       whipped/sour cream}    => {yogurt}                0.006202339  0.4485294 3.215224    61
    ## [38] {other vegetables,                                                                      
    ##       tropical fruit}        => {whipped/sour cream}    0.007829181  0.2181303 3.042995    77
    ## [39] {root vegetables,                                                                       
    ##       yogurt}                => {whipped/sour cream}    0.006405694  0.2480315 3.460127    63
    ## [40] {other vegetables,                                                                      
    ##       yogurt}                => {whipped/sour cream}    0.010167768  0.2341920 3.267062   100
    ## [41] {citrus fruit,                                                                          
    ##       pip fruit}             => {tropical fruit}        0.005592272  0.4044118 3.854060    55
    ## [42] {pip fruit,                                                                             
    ##       tropical fruit}        => {citrus fruit}          0.005592272  0.2736318 3.306105    55
    ## [43] {citrus fruit,                                                                          
    ##       tropical fruit}        => {pip fruit}             0.005592272  0.2806122 3.709437    55
    ## [44] {pip fruit,                                                                             
    ##       root vegetables}       => {tropical fruit}        0.005287239  0.3398693 3.238967    52
    ## [45] {root vegetables,                                                                       
    ##       tropical fruit}        => {pip fruit}             0.005287239  0.2512077 3.320737    52
    ## [46] {pip fruit,                                                                             
    ##       yogurt}                => {tropical fruit}        0.006405694  0.3559322 3.392048    63
    ## [47] {other vegetables,                                                                      
    ##       pip fruit}             => {tropical fruit}        0.009456024  0.3618677 3.448613    93
    ## [48] {other vegetables,                                                                      
    ##       tropical fruit}        => {pip fruit}             0.009456024  0.2634561 3.482649    93
    ## [49] {citrus fruit,                                                                          
    ##       root vegetables}       => {tropical fruit}        0.005693950  0.3218391 3.067139    56
    ## [50] {root vegetables,                                                                       
    ##       tropical fruit}        => {citrus fruit}          0.005693950  0.2705314 3.268644    56
    ## [51] {other vegetables,                                                                      
    ##       tropical fruit}        => {citrus fruit}          0.009049314  0.2521246 3.046248    89
    ## [52] {citrus fruit,                                                                          
    ##       root vegetables}       => {other vegetables}      0.010371124  0.5862069 3.029608   102
    ## [53] {citrus fruit,                                                                          
    ##       other vegetables}      => {root vegetables}       0.010371124  0.3591549 3.295045   102
    ## [54] {rolls/buns,                                                                            
    ##       shopping bags}         => {sausage}               0.005998983  0.3072917 3.270794    59
    ## [55] {root vegetables,                                                                       
    ##       yogurt}                => {tropical fruit}        0.008134215  0.3149606 3.001587    80
    ## [56] {root vegetables,                                                                       
    ##       tropical fruit}        => {other vegetables}      0.012302999  0.5845411 3.020999   121
    ## [57] {other vegetables,                                                                      
    ##       tropical fruit}        => {root vegetables}       0.012302999  0.3427762 3.144780   121
    ## [58] {fruit/vegetable juice,                                                                 
    ##       other vegetables,                                                                      
    ##       whole milk}            => {yogurt}                0.005083884  0.4854369 3.479790    50
    ## [59] {other vegetables,                                                                      
    ##       whole milk,                                                                            
    ##       yogurt}                => {fruit/vegetable juice} 0.005083884  0.2283105 3.158135    50
    ## [60] {other vegetables,                                                                      
    ##       whipped/sour cream,                                                                    
    ##       whole milk}            => {root vegetables}       0.005185562  0.3541667 3.249281    51
    ## [61] {other vegetables,                                                                      
    ##       root vegetables,                                                                       
    ##       whole milk}            => {whipped/sour cream}    0.005185562  0.2236842 3.120474    51
    ## [62] {other vegetables,                                                                      
    ##       whole milk,                                                                            
    ##       yogurt}                => {whipped/sour cream}    0.005592272  0.2511416 3.503514    55
    ## [63] {pip fruit,                                                                             
    ##       root vegetables,                                                                       
    ##       whole milk}            => {other vegetables}      0.005490595  0.6136364 3.171368    54
    ## [64] {other vegetables,                                                                      
    ##       pip fruit,                                                                             
    ##       whole milk}            => {root vegetables}       0.005490595  0.4060150 3.724961    54
    ## [65] {other vegetables,                                                                      
    ##       root vegetables,                                                                       
    ##       whole milk}            => {pip fruit}             0.005490595  0.2368421 3.130836    54
    ## [66] {other vegetables,                                                                      
    ##       whole milk,                                                                            
    ##       yogurt}                => {pip fruit}             0.005083884  0.2283105 3.018056    50
    ## [67] {citrus fruit,                                                                          
    ##       root vegetables,                                                                       
    ##       whole milk}            => {other vegetables}      0.005795628  0.6333333 3.273165    57
    ## [68] {citrus fruit,                                                                          
    ##       other vegetables,                                                                      
    ##       whole milk}            => {root vegetables}       0.005795628  0.4453125 4.085493    57
    ## [69] {other vegetables,                                                                      
    ##       root vegetables,                                                                       
    ##       whole milk}            => {citrus fruit}          0.005795628  0.2500000 3.020577    57
    ## [70] {root vegetables,                                                                       
    ##       tropical fruit,                                                                        
    ##       whole milk}            => {yogurt}                0.005693950  0.4745763 3.401937    56
    ## [71] {tropical fruit,                                                                        
    ##       whole milk,                                                                            
    ##       yogurt}                => {root vegetables}       0.005693950  0.3758389 3.448112    56
    ## [72] {root vegetables,                                                                       
    ##       whole milk,                                                                            
    ##       yogurt}                => {tropical fruit}        0.005693950  0.3916084 3.732043    56
    ## [73] {root vegetables,                                                                       
    ##       tropical fruit,                                                                        
    ##       whole milk}            => {other vegetables}      0.007015760  0.5847458 3.022057    69
    ## [74] {other vegetables,                                                                      
    ##       tropical fruit,                                                                        
    ##       whole milk}            => {root vegetables}       0.007015760  0.4107143 3.768074    69
    ## [75] {other vegetables,                                                                      
    ##       tropical fruit,                                                                        
    ##       whole milk}            => {yogurt}                0.007625826  0.4464286 3.200164    75
    ## [76] {other vegetables,                                                                      
    ##       whole milk,                                                                            
    ##       yogurt}                => {tropical fruit}        0.007625826  0.3424658 3.263712    75
    ## [77] {other vegetables,                                                                      
    ##       whole milk,                                                                            
    ##       yogurt}                => {root vegetables}       0.007829181  0.3515982 3.225716    77
    ## [78] {other vegetables,                                                                      
    ##       rolls/buns,                                                                            
    ##       whole milk}            => {root vegetables}       0.006202339  0.3465909 3.179778    61

    #inspect by LIFT in descending order
    lifts <- sort (groceries_rule, by="lift", decreasing=TRUE)
    inspect((lifts))[1:15,]

    ##        lhs                           rhs                         support confidence      lift count
    ## [1]    {ham}                      => {white bread}           0.005083884  0.1953125 4.6398513    50
    ## [2]    {citrus fruit,                                                                              
    ##         other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         whole milk}               => {root vegetables}       0.005795628  0.4453125 4.0854929    57
    ## [3]    {butter,                                                                                    
    ##         other vegetables}         => {whipped/sour cream}    0.005795628  0.2893401 4.0363970    57
    ## [4]    {herbs}                    => {root vegetables}       0.007015760  0.4312500 3.9564774    69
    ## [5]    {citrus fruit,                                                                              
    ##         pip fruit}                => {tropical fruit}        0.005592272  0.4044118 3.8540598    55
    ## [6]    {berries}                  => {whipped/sour cream}    0.009049314  0.2721713 3.7968855    89
    ## [7]    {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         tropical fruit,                                                                            
    ##         whole milk}               => {root vegetables}       0.007015760  0.4107143 3.7680737    69
    ## [8]    {whipped/sour cream,                                                                        
    ##         whole milk}               => {butter}                0.006710727  0.2082019 3.7571846    66
    ## [9]    {root vegetables,                                                                           
    ##         whole milk,                                                                                
    ##         yogurt}                   => {tropical fruit}        0.005693950  0.3916084 3.7320432    56
    ## [10]   {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         pip fruit,                                                                                 
    ##         whole milk}               => {root vegetables}       0.005490595  0.4060150 3.7249607    54
    ## [11]   {citrus fruit,                                                                              
    ##         tropical fruit}           => {pip fruit}             0.005592272  0.2806122 3.7094374    55
    ## [12]   {curd,                                                                                      
    ##         tropical fruit}           => {yogurt}                0.005287239  0.5148515 3.6906446    52
    ## [13]   {beef,                                                                                      
    ##         other vegetables}         => {root vegetables}       0.007930859  0.4020619 3.6886925    78
    ## [14]   {onions,                                                                                    
    ##         other vegetables}         => {root vegetables}       0.005693950  0.4000000 3.6697761    56
    ## [15]   {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         whipped/sour cream}       => {butter}                0.005795628  0.2007042 3.6218827    57
    ## [16]   {domestic eggs,                                                                             
    ##         whole milk}               => {butter}                0.005998983  0.2000000 3.6091743    59
    ## [17]   {hygiene articles}         => {napkins}               0.006100661  0.1851852 3.5364977    60
    ## [18]   {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         whole milk,                                                                                
    ##         yogurt}                   => {whipped/sour cream}    0.005592272  0.2511416 3.5035137    55
    ## [19]   {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         tropical fruit}           => {pip fruit}             0.009456024  0.2634561 3.4826487    93
    ## [20]   {fruit/vegetable juice,                                                                     
    ##         other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         whole milk}               => {yogurt}                0.005083884  0.4854369 3.4797900    50
    ## [21]   {beef,                                                                                      
    ##         whole milk}               => {root vegetables}       0.008032537  0.3779904 3.4678506    79
    ## [22]   {root vegetables,                                                                           
    ##         yogurt}                   => {whipped/sour cream}    0.006405694  0.2480315 3.4601273    63
    ## [23]   {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         pip fruit}                => {tropical fruit}        0.009456024  0.3618677 3.4486132    93
    ## [24]   {tropical fruit,                                                                            
    ##         whole milk,                                                                                
    ##         yogurt}                   => {root vegetables}       0.005693950  0.3758389 3.4481118    56
    ## [25]   {whipped/sour cream,                                                                        
    ##         whole milk}               => {curd}                  0.005897306  0.1829653 3.4340911    58
    ## [26]   {butter,                                                                                    
    ##         whole milk}               => {domestic eggs}         0.005998983  0.2177122 3.4314091    59
    ## [27]   {root vegetables,                                                                           
    ##         tropical fruit,                                                                            
    ##         whole milk}               => {yogurt}                0.005693950  0.4745763 3.4019370    56
    ## [28]   {butter,                                                                                    
    ##         whole milk}               => {whipped/sour cream}    0.006710727  0.2435424 3.3975033    66
    ## [29]   {pip fruit,                                                                                 
    ##         yogurt}                   => {tropical fruit}        0.006405694  0.3559322 3.3920477    63
    ## [30]   {tropical fruit,                                                                            
    ##         yogurt}                   => {curd}                  0.005287239  0.1805556 3.3888624    52
    ## [31]   {margarine,                                                                                 
    ##         whole milk}               => {domestic eggs}         0.005185562  0.2142857 3.3774038    51
    ## [32]   {whole milk,                                                                                
    ##         yogurt}                   => {curd}                  0.010066090  0.1796733 3.3723037    99
    ## [33]   {root vegetables,                                                                           
    ##         tropical fruit}           => {pip fruit}             0.005287239  0.2512077 3.3207366    52
    ## [34]   {pip fruit,                                                                                 
    ##         tropical fruit}           => {citrus fruit}          0.005592272  0.2736318 3.3061046    55
    ## [35]   {citrus fruit,                                                                              
    ##         other vegetables}         => {root vegetables}       0.010371124  0.3591549 3.2950455   102
    ## [36]   {citrus fruit,                                                                              
    ##         root vegetables,                                                                           
    ##         whole milk}               => {other vegetables}      0.005795628  0.6333333 3.2731652    57
    ## [37]   {rolls/buns,                                                                                
    ##         shopping bags}            => {sausage}               0.005998983  0.3072917 3.2707939    59
    ## [38]   {root vegetables,                                                                           
    ##         tropical fruit}           => {citrus fruit}          0.005693950  0.2705314 3.2686441    56
    ## [39]   {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         yogurt}                   => {whipped/sour cream}    0.010167768  0.2341920 3.2670620   100
    ## [40]   {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         whole milk,                                                                                
    ##         yogurt}                   => {tropical fruit}        0.007625826  0.3424658 3.2637119    75
    ## [41]   {chicken}                  => {frozen vegetables}     0.006710727  0.1563981 3.2519564    66
    ## [42]   {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         whipped/sour cream,                                                                        
    ##         whole milk}               => {root vegetables}       0.005185562  0.3541667 3.2492809    51
    ## [43]   {pip fruit,                                                                                 
    ##         root vegetables}          => {tropical fruit}        0.005287239  0.3398693 3.2389674    52
    ## [44]   {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         whole milk,                                                                                
    ##         yogurt}                   => {root vegetables}       0.007829181  0.3515982 3.2257165    77
    ## [45]   {tropical fruit,                                                                            
    ##         whipped/sour cream}       => {yogurt}                0.006202339  0.4485294 3.2152236    61
    ## [46]   {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         tropical fruit,                                                                            
    ##         whole milk}               => {yogurt}                0.007625826  0.4464286 3.2001640    75
    ## [47]   {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         root vegetables}          => {beef}                  0.007930859  0.1673820 3.1903134    78
    ## [48]   {domestic eggs,                                                                             
    ##         other vegetables}         => {whipped/sour cream}    0.005083884  0.2283105 3.1850125    50
    ## [49]   {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         rolls/buns,                                                                                
    ##         whole milk}               => {root vegetables}       0.006202339  0.3465909 3.1797776    61
    ## [50]   {pip fruit,                                                                                 
    ##         root vegetables,                                                                           
    ##         whole milk}               => {other vegetables}      0.005490595  0.6136364 3.1713682    54
    ## [51]   {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         whole milk,                                                                                
    ##         yogurt}                   => {fruit/vegetable juice} 0.005083884  0.2283105 3.1581347    50
    ## [52]   {curd,                                                                                      
    ##         whole milk}               => {whipped/sour cream}    0.005897306  0.2256809 3.1483291    58
    ## [53]   {frozen vegetables,                                                                         
    ##         other vegetables}         => {root vegetables}       0.006100661  0.3428571 3.1455224    60
    ## [54]   {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         tropical fruit}           => {root vegetables}       0.012302999  0.3427762 3.1447798   121
    ## [55]   {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         root vegetables,                                                                           
    ##         whole milk}               => {pip fruit}             0.005490595  0.2368421 3.1308362    54
    ## [56]   {root vegetables,                                                                           
    ##         whole milk}               => {beef}                  0.008032537  0.1642412 3.1304493    79
    ## [57]   {chicken,                                                                                   
    ##         whole milk}               => {root vegetables}       0.005998983  0.3410405 3.1288554    59
    ## [58]   {pip fruit,                                                                                 
    ##         whipped/sour cream}       => {other vegetables}      0.005592272  0.6043956 3.1236105    55
    ## [59]   {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         root vegetables,                                                                           
    ##         whole milk}               => {whipped/sour cream}    0.005185562  0.2236842 3.1204741    51
    ## [60]   {onions,                                                                                    
    ##         root vegetables}          => {other vegetables}      0.005693950  0.6021505 3.1120076    56
    ## [61]   {citrus fruit,                                                                              
    ##         root vegetables}          => {tropical fruit}        0.005693950  0.3218391 3.0671389    56
    ## [62]   {sliced cheese}            => {sausage}               0.007015760  0.2863071 3.0474349    69
    ## [63]   {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         tropical fruit}           => {citrus fruit}          0.009049314  0.2521246 3.0462480    89
    ## [64]   {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         tropical fruit}           => {whipped/sour cream}    0.007829181  0.2181303 3.0429952    77
    ## [65]   {root vegetables}          => {beef}                  0.017386884  0.1595149 3.0403668   171
    ## [66]   {beef}                     => {root vegetables}       0.017386884  0.3313953 3.0403668   171
    ## [67]   {waffles}                  => {chocolate}             0.005795628  0.1507937 3.0390483    57
    ## [68]   {root vegetables,                                                                           
    ##         whole milk}               => {butter}                0.008235892  0.1683992 3.0389098    81
    ## [69]   {citrus fruit,                                                                              
    ##         root vegetables}          => {other vegetables}      0.010371124  0.5862069 3.0296084   102
    ## [70]   {butter,                                                                                    
    ##         other vegetables}         => {root vegetables}       0.006609049  0.3299492 3.0270996    65
    ## [71]   {root vegetables,                                                                           
    ##         tropical fruit,                                                                            
    ##         whole milk}               => {other vegetables}      0.007015760  0.5847458 3.0220571    69
    ## [72]   {root vegetables,                                                                           
    ##         tropical fruit}           => {other vegetables}      0.012302999  0.5845411 3.0209991   121
    ## [73]   {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         root vegetables,                                                                           
    ##         whole milk}               => {citrus fruit}          0.005795628  0.2500000 3.0205774    57
    ## [74]   {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         whole milk,                                                                                
    ##         yogurt}                   => {pip fruit}             0.005083884  0.2283105 3.0180562    50
    ## [75]   {domestic eggs,                                                                             
    ##         other vegetables}         => {root vegetables}       0.007320793  0.3287671 3.0162543    72
    ## [76]   {whole milk,                                                                                
    ##         yogurt}                   => {butter}                0.009354347  0.1669691 3.0131038    92
    ## [77]   {citrus fruit,                                                                              
    ##         whole milk}               => {butter}                0.005083884  0.1666667 3.0076453    50
    ## [78]   {root vegetables,                                                                           
    ##         yogurt}                   => {tropical fruit}        0.008134215  0.3149606 3.0015870    80
    ## [79]   {fruit/vegetable juice,                                                                     
    ##         other vegetables}         => {tropical fruit}        0.006609049  0.3140097 2.9925242    65
    ## [80]   {citrus fruit,                                                                              
    ##         other vegetables}         => {tropical fruit}        0.009049314  0.3133803 2.9865262    89
    ## [81]   {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         pip fruit}                => {whipped/sour cream}    0.005592272  0.2140078 2.9854844    55
    ## [82]   {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         pork}                     => {root vegetables}       0.007015760  0.3239437 2.9720018    69
    ## [83]   {tropical fruit,                                                                            
    ##         yogurt}                   => {whipped/sour cream}    0.006202339  0.2118056 2.9547626    61
    ## [84]   {domestic eggs,                                                                             
    ##         whole milk}               => {margarine}             0.005185562  0.1728814 2.9518891    51
    ## [85]   {bottled water,                                                                             
    ##         yogurt}                   => {tropical fruit}        0.007117438  0.3097345 2.9517819    70
    ## [86]   {butter,                                                                                    
    ##         whipped/sour cream}       => {other vegetables}      0.005795628  0.5700000 2.9458487    57
    ## [87]   {citrus fruit,                                                                              
    ##         whole milk}               => {domestic eggs}         0.005693950  0.1866667 2.9420940    56
    ## [88]   {curd,                                                                                      
    ##         other vegetables}         => {tropical fruit}        0.005287239  0.3076923 2.9323196    52
    ## [89]   {curd,                                                                                      
    ##         other vegetables}         => {root vegetables}       0.005490595  0.3195266 2.9314780    54
    ## [90]   {tropical fruit,                                                                            
    ##         whipped/sour cream}       => {other vegetables}      0.007829181  0.5661765 2.9260881    77
    ## [91]   {chicken,                                                                                   
    ##         other vegetables}         => {root vegetables}       0.005693950  0.3181818 2.9191401    56
    ## [92]   {curd,                                                                                      
    ##         yogurt}                   => {tropical fruit}        0.005287239  0.3058824 2.9150707    52
    ## [93]   {tropical fruit,                                                                            
    ##         yogurt}                   => {pip fruit}             0.006405694  0.2187500 2.8916751    63
    ## [94]   {tropical fruit,                                                                            
    ##         whole milk}               => {curd}                  0.006507372  0.1538462 2.8875514    64
    ## [95]   {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         root vegetables,                                                                           
    ##         whole milk}               => {tropical fruit}        0.007015760  0.3026316 2.8840907    69
    ## [96]   {citrus fruit,                                                                              
    ##         whole milk}               => {whipped/sour cream}    0.006304016  0.2066667 2.8830733    62
    ## [97]   {fruit/vegetable juice,                                                                     
    ##         other vegetables}         => {root vegetables}       0.006609049  0.3140097 2.8808629    65
    ## [98]   {cream cheese,                                                                              
    ##         whole milk}               => {yogurt}                0.006609049  0.4012346 2.8761968    65
    ## [99]   {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         pip fruit}                => {root vegetables}       0.008134215  0.3112840 2.8558569    80
    ## [100]  {whipped/sour cream,                                                                        
    ##         yogurt}                   => {tropical fruit}        0.006202339  0.2990196 2.8496685    61
    ## [101]  {newspapers,                                                                                
    ##         other vegetables}         => {root vegetables}       0.005998983  0.3105263 2.8489051    59
    ## [102]  {butter,                                                                                    
    ##         tropical fruit}           => {other vegetables}      0.005490595  0.5510204 2.8477592    54
    ## [103]  {fruit/vegetable juice,                                                                     
    ##         root vegetables}          => {other vegetables}      0.006609049  0.5508475 2.8468653    65
    ## [104]  {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         whole milk}               => {root vegetables}       0.023182511  0.3097826 2.8420820   228
    ## [105]  {root vegetables,                                                                           
    ##         whipped/sour cream,                                                                        
    ##         whole milk}               => {other vegetables}      0.005185562  0.5483871 2.8341498    51
    ## [106]  {whipped/sour cream,                                                                        
    ##         yogurt}                   => {root vegetables}       0.006405694  0.3088235 2.8332830    63
    ## [107]  {bottled water,                                                                             
    ##         whole milk}               => {butter}                0.005388917  0.1568047 2.8296781    53
    ## [108]  {citrus fruit,                                                                              
    ##         whole milk}               => {tropical fruit}        0.009049314  0.2966667 2.8272448    89
    ## [109]  {onions,                                                                                    
    ##         whole milk}               => {other vegetables}      0.006609049  0.5462185 2.8229421    65
    ## [110]  {pip fruit,                                                                                 
    ##         whole milk}               => {domestic eggs}         0.005388917  0.1790541 2.8221100    53
    ## [111]  {pork,                                                                                      
    ##         whole milk}               => {root vegetables}       0.006812405  0.3073394 2.8196674    67
    ## [112]  {fruit/vegetable juice,                                                                     
    ##         other vegetables}         => {yogurt}                0.008235892  0.3913043 2.8050133    81
    ## [113]  {onions}                   => {root vegetables}       0.009456024  0.3049180 2.7974523    93
    ## [114]  {whipped/sour cream,                                                                        
    ##         whole milk}               => {domestic eggs}         0.005693950  0.1766562 2.7843161    56
    ## [115]  {frozen vegetables,                                                                         
    ##         whole milk}               => {root vegetables}       0.006202339  0.3034826 2.7842829    61
    ## [116]  {root vegetables,                                                                           
    ##         whole milk,                                                                                
    ##         yogurt}                   => {other vegetables}      0.007829181  0.5384615 2.7828530    77
    ## [117]  {pip fruit,                                                                                 
    ##         whole milk}               => {whipped/sour cream}    0.005998983  0.1993243 2.7806450    59
    ## [118]  {fruit/vegetable juice,                                                                     
    ##         whole milk,                                                                                
    ##         yogurt}                   => {other vegetables}      0.005083884  0.5376344 2.7785782    50
    ## [119]  {pastry,                                                                                    
    ##         root vegetables}          => {other vegetables}      0.005897306  0.5370370 2.7754909    58
    ## [120]  {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         whipped/sour cream}       => {domestic eggs}         0.005083884  0.1760563 2.7748623    50
    ## [121]  {citrus fruit,                                                                              
    ##         yogurt}                   => {tropical fruit}        0.006304016  0.2910798 2.7740019    62
    ## [122]  {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         whole milk}               => {butter}                0.011489578  0.1535326 2.7706297   113
    ## [123]  {root vegetables,                                                                           
    ##         tropical fruit}           => {yogurt}                0.008134215  0.3864734 2.7703835    80
    ## [124]  {sugar}                    => {margarine}             0.005490595  0.1621622 2.7688626    54
    ## [125]  {curd,                                                                                      
    ##         whole milk}               => {yogurt}                0.010066090  0.3852140 2.7613555    99
    ## [126]  {cream cheese,                                                                              
    ##         other vegetables}         => {yogurt}                0.005287239  0.3851852 2.7611489    52
    ## [127]  {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         tropical fruit}           => {butter}                0.005490595  0.1529745 2.7605583    54
    ## [128]  {bottled water,                                                                             
    ##         tropical fruit}           => {yogurt}                0.007117438  0.3846154 2.7570644    70
    ## [129]  {root vegetables,                                                                           
    ##         whole milk}               => {domestic eggs}         0.008540925  0.1746362 2.7524788    84
    ## [130]  {citrus fruit,                                                                              
    ##         whole milk}               => {root vegetables}       0.009150991  0.3000000 2.7523321    90
    ## [131]  {citrus fruit,                                                                              
    ##         other vegetables}         => {whipped/sour cream}    0.005693950  0.1971831 2.7507741    56
    ## [132]  {margarine,                                                                                 
    ##         root vegetables}          => {other vegetables}      0.005897306  0.5321101 2.7500277    58
    ## [133]  {pip fruit,                                                                                 
    ##         whole milk,                                                                                
    ##         yogurt}                   => {other vegetables}      0.005083884  0.5319149 2.7490189    50
    ## [134]  {butter}                   => {domestic eggs}         0.009659380  0.1743119 2.7473683    95
    ## [135]  {domestic eggs}            => {butter}                0.009659380  0.1522436 2.7473683    95
    ## [136]  {margarine,                                                                                 
    ##         other vegetables}         => {root vegetables}       0.005897306  0.2989691 2.7428739    58
    ## [137]  {butter,                                                                                    
    ##         whole milk}               => {root vegetables}       0.008235892  0.2988930 2.7421759    81
    ## [138]  {curd}                     => {whipped/sour cream}    0.010472801  0.1965649 2.7421499   103
    ## [139]  {root vegetables,                                                                           
    ##         tropical fruit,                                                                            
    ##         yogurt}                   => {whole milk}            0.005693950  0.7000000 2.7395543    56
    ## [140]  {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         whipped/sour cream,                                                                        
    ##         whole milk}               => {yogurt}                0.005592272  0.3819444 2.7379181    55
    ## [141]  {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         whole milk}               => {whipped/sour cream}    0.014641586  0.1956522 2.7294172   144
    ## [142]  {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         yogurt}                   => {root vegetables}       0.012913066  0.2974239 2.7286977   127
    ## [143]  {pip fruit,                                                                                 
    ##         whole milk}               => {root vegetables}       0.008947636  0.2972973 2.7275363    88
    ## [144]  {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         pip fruit}                => {citrus fruit}          0.005897306  0.2256809 2.7267469    58
    ## [145]  {frozen vegetables,                                                                         
    ##         root vegetables}          => {other vegetables}      0.006100661  0.5263158 2.7200819    60
    ## [146]  {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         whipped/sour cream}       => {root vegetables}       0.008540925  0.2957746 2.7135668    84
    ## [147]  {whole milk,                                                                                
    ##         yogurt}                   => {whipped/sour cream}    0.010879512  0.1941924 2.7090525   107
    ## [148]  {bottled beer,                                                                              
    ##         soda}                     => {bottled water}         0.005083884  0.2994012 2.7089336    50
    ## [149]  {root vegetables,                                                                           
    ##         yogurt}                   => {pip fruit}             0.005287239  0.2047244 2.7062696    52
    ## [150]  {chicken,                                                                                   
    ##         root vegetables}          => {other vegetables}      0.005693950  0.5233645 2.7048291    56
    ## [151]  {citrus fruit,                                                                              
    ##         whipped/sour cream}       => {other vegetables}      0.005693950  0.5233645 2.7048291    56
    ## [152]  {pip fruit,                                                                                 
    ##         root vegetables}          => {other vegetables}      0.008134215  0.5228758 2.7023036    80
    ## [153]  {bottled beer,                                                                              
    ##         whole milk}               => {bottled water}         0.006100661  0.2985075 2.7008472    60
    ## [154]  {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         yogurt}                   => {tropical fruit}        0.012302999  0.2833724 2.7005496   121
    ## [155]  {citrus fruit,                                                                              
    ##         other vegetables}         => {pip fruit}             0.005897306  0.2042254 2.6996725    58
    ## [156]  {newspapers,                                                                                
    ##         root vegetables}          => {other vegetables}      0.005998983  0.5221239 2.6984175    59
    ## [157]  {root vegetables,                                                                           
    ##         whole milk}               => {whipped/sour cream}    0.009456024  0.1933472 2.6972619    93
    ## [158]  {pip fruit,                                                                                 
    ##         yogurt}                   => {root vegetables}       0.005287239  0.2937853 2.6953158    52
    ## [159]  {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         pip fruit,                                                                                 
    ##         whole milk}               => {yogurt}                0.005083884  0.3759398 2.6948749    50
    ## [160]  {whipped/sour cream,                                                                        
    ##         whole milk}               => {root vegetables}       0.009456024  0.2933754 2.6915550    93
    ## [161]  {root vegetables,                                                                           
    ##         whipped/sour cream}       => {yogurt}                0.006405694  0.3750000 2.6881378    63
    ## [162]  {rolls/buns,                                                                                
    ##         soda}                     => {sausage}               0.009659380  0.2519894 2.6821598    95
    ## [163]  {pip fruit,                                                                                 
    ##         whole milk}               => {tropical fruit}        0.008439248  0.2804054 2.6722744    83
    ## [164]  {root vegetables,                                                                           
    ##         shopping bags}            => {other vegetables}      0.006609049  0.5158730 2.6661120    65
    ## [165]  {pork,                                                                                      
    ##         root vegetables}          => {other vegetables}      0.007015760  0.5149254 2.6612144    69
    ## [166]  {curd,                                                                                      
    ##         tropical fruit}           => {other vegetables}      0.005287239  0.5148515 2.6608326    52
    ## [167]  {whipped/sour cream,                                                                        
    ##         whole milk,                                                                                
    ##         yogurt}                   => {other vegetables}      0.005592272  0.5140187 2.6565286    55
    ## [168]  {domestic eggs,                                                                             
    ##         whole milk}               => {whipped/sour cream}    0.005693950  0.1898305 2.6482029    56
    ## [169]  {butter,                                                                                    
    ##         root vegetables}          => {other vegetables}      0.006609049  0.5118110 2.6451190    65
    ## [170]  {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         root vegetables}          => {citrus fruit}          0.010371124  0.2188841 2.6446257   102
    ## [171]  {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         pip fruit,                                                                                 
    ##         root vegetables}          => {whole milk}            0.005490595  0.6750000 2.6417131    54
    ## [172]  {domestic eggs,                                                                             
    ##         root vegetables}          => {other vegetables}      0.007320793  0.5106383 2.6390582    72
    ## [173]  {tropical fruit,                                                                            
    ##         whole milk}               => {pip fruit}             0.008439248  0.1995192 2.6374619    83
    ## [174]  {domestic eggs,                                                                             
    ##         whipped/sour cream}       => {other vegetables}      0.005083884  0.5102041 2.6368141    50
    ## [175]  {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         rolls/buns}               => {root vegetables}       0.012201322  0.2863962 2.6275247   120
    ## [176]  {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         yogurt}                   => {fruit/vegetable juice} 0.008235892  0.1896956 2.6239884    81
    ## [177]  {citrus fruit,                                                                              
    ##         tropical fruit}           => {root vegetables}       0.005693950  0.2857143 2.6212687    56
    ## [178]  {tropical fruit,                                                                            
    ##         whole milk}               => {whipped/sour cream}    0.007930859  0.1875000 2.6156915    78
    ## [179]  {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         shopping bags}            => {root vegetables}       0.006609049  0.2850877 2.6155203    65
    ## [180]  {domestic eggs,                                                                             
    ##         whole milk}               => {root vegetables}       0.008540925  0.2847458 2.6123830    84
    ## [181]  {butter,                                                                                    
    ##         other vegetables}         => {tropical fruit}        0.005490595  0.2741117 2.6122949    54
    ## [182]  {curd,                                                                                      
    ##         root vegetables}          => {other vegetables}      0.005490595  0.5046729 2.6082280    54
    ## [183]  {tropical fruit,                                                                            
    ##         whole milk}               => {root vegetables}       0.011997966  0.2836538 2.6023653   118
    ## [184]  {tropical fruit,                                                                            
    ##         whole milk,                                                                                
    ##         yogurt}                   => {other vegetables}      0.007625826  0.5033557 2.6014206    75
    ## [185]  {tropical fruit,                                                                            
    ##         yogurt}                   => {citrus fruit}          0.006304016  0.2152778 2.6010528    62
    ## [186]  {grapes}                   => {tropical fruit}        0.006100661  0.2727273 2.5991015    60
    ## [187]  {rolls/buns,                                                                                
    ##         root vegetables}          => {other vegetables}      0.012201322  0.5020921 2.5948898   120
    ## [188]  {bottled water,                                                                             
    ##         other vegetables}         => {root vegetables}       0.007015760  0.2827869 2.5944114    69
    ## [189]  {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         whole milk}               => {domestic eggs}         0.012302999  0.1644022 2.5911785   121
    ## [190]  {tropical fruit,                                                                            
    ##         whole milk}               => {citrus fruit}          0.009049314  0.2139423 2.5849172    89
    ## [191]  {root vegetables,                                                                           
    ##         whipped/sour cream}       => {other vegetables}      0.008540925  0.5000000 2.5840778    84
    ## [192]  {root vegetables,                                                                           
    ##         yogurt}                   => {other vegetables}      0.012913066  0.5000000 2.5840778   127
    ## [193]  {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         whipped/sour cream}       => {tropical fruit}        0.007829181  0.2711268 2.5838485    77
    ## [194]  {butter,                                                                                    
    ##         whipped/sour cream}       => {whole milk}            0.006710727  0.6600000 2.5830084    66
    ## [195]  {whole milk,                                                                                
    ##         yogurt}                   => {tropical fruit}        0.015149975  0.2704174 2.5770885   149
    ## [196]  {tropical fruit,                                                                            
    ##         whole milk}               => {domestic eggs}         0.006914082  0.1634615 2.5763529    68
    ## [197]  {tropical fruit}           => {pip fruit}             0.020437214  0.1947674 2.5746476   201
    ## [198]  {pip fruit}                => {tropical fruit}        0.020437214  0.2701613 2.5746476   201
    ## [199]  {soda,                                                                                      
    ##         yogurt}                   => {fruit/vegetable juice} 0.005083884  0.1858736 2.5711208    50
    ## [200]  {tropical fruit,                                                                            
    ##         whole milk}               => {yogurt}                0.015149975  0.3581731 2.5675162   149
    ## [201]  {pork,                                                                                      
    ##         rolls/buns}               => {other vegetables}      0.005592272  0.4954955 2.5607978    55
    ## [202]  {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         whipped/sour cream}       => {pip fruit}             0.005592272  0.1936620 2.5600343    55
    ## [203]  {butter}                   => {whipped/sour cream}    0.010167768  0.1834862 2.5596981   100
    ## [204]  {fruit/vegetable juice,                                                                     
    ##         soda}                     => {bottled water}         0.005185562  0.2817680 2.5493908    51
    ## [205]  {tropical fruit,                                                                            
    ##         yogurt}                   => {root vegetables}       0.008134215  0.2777778 2.5484556    80
    ## [206]  {rolls/buns,                                                                                
    ##         tropical fruit}           => {yogurt}                0.008744281  0.3553719 2.5474363    86
    ## [207]  {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         tropical fruit}           => {fruit/vegetable juice} 0.006609049  0.1841360 2.5470849    65
    ## [208]  {curd,                                                                                      
    ##         other vegetables}         => {yogurt}                0.006100661  0.3550296 2.5449825    60
    ## [209]  {fruit/vegetable juice,                                                                     
    ##         whole milk}               => {yogurt}                0.009456024  0.3549618 2.5444968    93
    ## [210]  {pip fruit,                                                                                 
    ##         whipped/sour cream}       => {whole milk}            0.005998983  0.6483516 2.5374208    59
    ## [211]  {whipped/sour cream,                                                                        
    ##         yogurt}                   => {other vegetables}      0.010167768  0.4901961 2.5334096   100
    ## [212]  {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         whipped/sour cream}       => {yogurt}                0.010167768  0.3521127 2.5240730   100
    ## [213]  {rolls/buns,                                                                                
    ##         root vegetables,                                                                           
    ##         whole milk}               => {other vegetables}      0.006202339  0.4880000 2.5220599    61
    ## [214]  {soft cheese}              => {yogurt}                0.005998983  0.3511905 2.5174623    59
    ## [215]  {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         root vegetables}          => {whipped/sour cream}    0.008540925  0.1802575 2.5146562    84
    ## [216]  {butter,                                                                                    
    ##         yogurt}                   => {whole milk}            0.009354347  0.6388889 2.5003869    92
    ## [217]  {butter,                                                                                    
    ##         root vegetables}          => {whole milk}            0.008235892  0.6377953 2.4961069    81
    ## [218]  {fruit/vegetable juice,                                                                     
    ##         tropical fruit}           => {other vegetables}      0.006609049  0.4814815 2.4883712    65
    ## [219]  {root vegetables,                                                                           
    ##         sausage}                  => {yogurt}                0.005185562  0.3469388 2.4869846    51
    ## [220]  {curd,                                                                                      
    ##         tropical fruit}           => {whole milk}            0.006507372  0.6336634 2.4799360    64
    ## [221]  {chicken,                                                                                   
    ##         whole milk}               => {other vegetables}      0.008439248  0.4797688 2.4795197    83
    ## [222]  {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         yogurt}                   => {pip fruit}             0.008134215  0.1873536 2.4766438    80
    ## [223]  {citrus fruit,                                                                              
    ##         rolls/buns}               => {yogurt}                0.005795628  0.3454545 2.4763451    57
    ## [224]  {bottled water,                                                                             
    ##         other vegetables}         => {citrus fruit}          0.005083884  0.2049180 2.4758831    50
    ## [225]  {bottled water,                                                                             
    ##         soda}                     => {fruit/vegetable juice} 0.005185562  0.1789474 2.4753128    51
    ## [226]  {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         root vegetables}          => {tropical fruit}        0.012302999  0.2596567 2.4745380   121
    ## [227]  {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         shopping bags}            => {sausage}               0.005388917  0.2324561 2.4742491    53
    ## [228]  {sausage,                                                                                   
    ##         whole milk}               => {pip fruit}             0.005592272  0.1870748 2.4729583    55
    ## [229]  {shopping bags,                                                                             
    ##         soda}                     => {sausage}               0.005693950  0.2314050 2.4630604    56
    ## [230]  {whipped/sour cream,                                                                        
    ##         whole milk}               => {pip fruit}             0.005998983  0.1861199 2.4603346    59
    ## [231]  {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         tropical fruit}           => {yogurt}                0.012302999  0.3427762 2.4571457   121
    ## [232]  {soda,                                                                                      
    ##         yogurt}                   => {bottled water}         0.007422471  0.2713755 2.4553613    73
    ## [233]  {herbs}                    => {other vegetables}      0.007727504  0.4750000 2.4548739    76
    ## [234]  {root vegetables,                                                                           
    ##         whole milk}               => {other vegetables}      0.023182511  0.4740125 2.4497702   228
    ## [235]  {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         soda}                     => {domestic eggs}         0.005083884  0.1552795 2.4473941    50
    ## [236]  {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         pip fruit,                                                                                 
    ##         yogurt}                   => {whole milk}            0.005083884  0.6250000 2.4460306    50
    ## [237]  {frozen vegetables,                                                                         
    ##         whole milk}               => {other vegetables}      0.009659380  0.4726368 2.4426606    95
    ## [238]  {domestic eggs,                                                                             
    ##         pip fruit}                => {whole milk}            0.005388917  0.6235294 2.4402753    53
    ## [239]  {white bread}              => {fruit/vegetable juice} 0.007422471  0.1763285 2.4390869    73
    ## [240]  {pip fruit,                                                                                 
    ##         root vegetables}          => {yogurt}                0.005287239  0.3398693 2.4363079    52
    ## [241]  {butter,                                                                                    
    ##         tropical fruit}           => {whole milk}            0.006202339  0.6224490 2.4360468    61
    ## [242]  {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         root vegetables}          => {domestic eggs}         0.007320793  0.1545064 2.4352096    72
    ## [243]  {domestic eggs,                                                                             
    ##         margarine}                => {whole milk}            0.005185562  0.6219512 2.4340988    51
    ## [244]  {butter,                                                                                    
    ##         whole milk}               => {yogurt}                0.009354347  0.3394834 2.4335417    92
    ## [245]  {butter,                                                                                    
    ##         domestic eggs}            => {whole milk}            0.005998983  0.6210526 2.4305820    59
    ## [246]  {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         tropical fruit,                                                                            
    ##         yogurt}                   => {whole milk}            0.007625826  0.6198347 2.4258155    75
    ## [247]  {rolls/buns,                                                                                
    ##         yogurt}                   => {tropical fruit}        0.008744281  0.2544379 2.4248028    86
    ## [248]  {sausage,                                                                                   
    ##         yogurt}                   => {root vegetables}       0.005185562  0.2642487 2.4243340    51
    ## [249]  {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         root vegetables,                                                                           
    ##         whole milk}               => {yogurt}                0.007829181  0.3377193 2.4208960    77
    ## [250]  {whipped/sour cream,                                                                        
    ##         whole milk}               => {yogurt}                0.010879512  0.3375394 2.4196066   107
    ## [251]  {root vegetables,                                                                           
    ##         whole milk}               => {pip fruit}             0.008947636  0.1829522 2.4184606    88
    ## [252]  {fruit/vegetable juice,                                                                     
    ##         other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         yogurt}                   => {whole milk}            0.005083884  0.6172840 2.4158327    50
    ## [253]  {citrus fruit,                                                                              
    ##         whole milk}               => {yogurt}                0.010269446  0.3366667 2.4133503   101
    ## [254]  {frankfurter,                                                                               
    ##         whole milk}               => {tropical fruit}        0.005185562  0.2524752 2.4060989    51
    ## [255]  {butter milk}              => {pip fruit}             0.005083884  0.1818182 2.4034702    50
    ## [256]  {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         rolls/buns,                                                                                
    ##         whole milk}               => {yogurt}                0.005998983  0.3352273 2.4030322    59
    ## [257]  {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         pastry}                   => {root vegetables}       0.005897306  0.2612613 2.3969258    58
    ## [258]  {pip fruit,                                                                                 
    ##         tropical fruit}           => {other vegetables}      0.009456024  0.4626866 2.3912361    93
    ## [259]  {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         whole milk}               => {pip fruit}             0.013523132  0.1807065 2.3887751   133
    ## [260]  {bottled water,                                                                             
    ##         other vegetables}         => {tropical fruit}        0.006202339  0.2500000 2.3825097    61
    ## [261]  {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         whipped/sour cream}       => {citrus fruit}          0.005693950  0.1971831 2.3824272    56
    ## [262]  {whole milk,                                                                                
    ##         yogurt}                   => {root vegetables}       0.014539908  0.2595281 2.3810253   143
    ## [263]  {sausage,                                                                                   
    ##         soda}                     => {shopping bags}         0.005693950  0.2343096 2.3781580    56
    ## [264]  {domestic eggs,                                                                             
    ##         tropical fruit}           => {whole milk}            0.006914082  0.6071429 2.3761441    68
    ## [265]  {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         root vegetables,                                                                           
    ##         whipped/sour cream}       => {whole milk}            0.005185562  0.6071429 2.3761441    51
    ## [266]  {domestic eggs,                                                                             
    ##         whole milk}               => {pip fruit}             0.005388917  0.1796610 2.3749544    53
    ## [267]  {pip fruit,                                                                                 
    ##         tropical fruit}           => {root vegetables}       0.005287239  0.2587065 2.3734870    52
    ## [268]  {curd,                                                                                      
    ##         whole milk}               => {tropical fruit}        0.006507372  0.2490272 2.3732392    64
    ## [269]  {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         root vegetables,                                                                           
    ##         yogurt}                   => {whole milk}            0.007829181  0.6062992 2.3728423    77
    ## [270]  {sausage,                                                                                   
    ##         whole milk}               => {whipped/sour cream}    0.005083884  0.1700680 2.3725093    50
    ## [271]  {onions}                   => {other vegetables}      0.014234875  0.4590164 2.3722681   140
    ## [272]  {sausage,                                                                                   
    ##         whole milk}               => {root vegetables}       0.007727504  0.2585034 2.3716240    76
    ## [273]  {pork,                                                                                      
    ##         whole milk}               => {other vegetables}      0.010167768  0.4587156 2.3707136   100
    ## [274]  {rolls/buns,                                                                                
    ##         whipped/sour cream}       => {other vegetables}      0.006710727  0.4583333 2.3687380    66
    ## [275]  {whipped/sour cream,                                                                        
    ##         whole milk}               => {citrus fruit}          0.006304016  0.1955836 2.3631016    62
    ## [276]  {beef,                                                                                      
    ##         root vegetables}          => {other vegetables}      0.007930859  0.4561404 2.3574043    78
    ## [277]  {bottled water,                                                                             
    ##         butter}                   => {whole milk}            0.005388917  0.6022727 2.3570841    53
    ## [278]  {root vegetables,                                                                           
    ##         sausage}                  => {other vegetables}      0.006812405  0.4557823 2.3555539    67
    ## [279]  {bottled water,                                                                             
    ##         other vegetables}         => {yogurt}                0.008134215  0.3278689 2.3502844    80
    ## [280]  {sliced cheese}            => {yogurt}                0.008032537  0.3278008 2.3497968    79
    ## [281]  {whipped/sour cream,                                                                        
    ##         whole milk}               => {other vegetables}      0.014641586  0.4542587 2.3476795   144
    ## [282]  {chicken}                  => {whipped/sour cream}    0.007219115  0.1682464 2.3470976    71
    ## [283]  {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         soda}                     => {sausage}               0.007219115  0.2204969 2.3469556    71
    ## [284]  {citrus fruit,                                                                              
    ##         tropical fruit}           => {other vegetables}      0.009049314  0.4540816 2.3467645    89
    ## [285]  {whipped/sour cream,                                                                        
    ##         whole milk}               => {tropical fruit}        0.007930859  0.2460568 2.3449307    78
    ## [286]  {root vegetables,                                                                           
    ##         whole milk}               => {tropical fruit}        0.011997966  0.2453222 2.3379305   118
    ## [287]  {pip fruit,                                                                                 
    ##         yogurt}                   => {other vegetables}      0.008134215  0.4519774 2.3358895    80
    ## [288]  {whole milk,                                                                                
    ##         yogurt}                   => {fruit/vegetable juice} 0.009456024  0.1687840 2.3347270    93
    ## [289]  {bottled water,                                                                             
    ##         whole milk}               => {fruit/vegetable juice} 0.005795628  0.1686391 2.3327216    57
    ## [290]  {domestic eggs,                                                                             
    ##         root vegetables}          => {whole milk}            0.008540925  0.5957447 2.3315356    84
    ## [291]  {oil,                                                                                       
    ##         whole milk}               => {other vegetables}      0.005083884  0.4504505 2.3279980    50
    ## [292]  {chicken}                  => {root vegetables}       0.010879512  0.2535545 2.3262206   107
    ## [293]  {curd}                     => {yogurt}                0.017285206  0.3244275 2.3256154   170
    ## [294]  {pip fruit,                                                                                 
    ##         whole milk}               => {other vegetables}      0.013523132  0.4493243 2.3221780   133
    ## [295]  {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         sausage}                  => {root vegetables}       0.006812405  0.2528302 2.3195755    67
    ## [296]  {bottled water,                                                                             
    ##         root vegetables}          => {other vegetables}      0.007015760  0.4480519 2.3156022    69
    ## [297]  {rolls/buns,                                                                                
    ##         root vegetables}          => {tropical fruit}        0.005897306  0.2426778 2.3127291    58
    ## [298]  {soda,                                                                                      
    ##         whole milk}               => {pastry}                0.008235892  0.2055838 2.3107614    81
    ## [299]  {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         soda}                     => {root vegetables}       0.008235892  0.2515528 2.3078561    81
    ## [300]  {soda,                                                                                      
    ##         yogurt}                   => {tropical fruit}        0.006609049  0.2416357 2.3027975    65
    ## [301]  {sausage,                                                                                   
    ##         whole milk}               => {tropical fruit}        0.007219115  0.2414966 2.3014719    71
    ## [302]  {frozen vegetables}        => {whipped/sour cream}    0.007930859  0.1649049 2.3004813    78
    ## [303]  {tropical fruit}           => {citrus fruit}          0.019928826  0.1899225 2.2947022   196
    ## [304]  {citrus fruit}             => {tropical fruit}        0.019928826  0.2407862 2.2947022   196
    ## [305]  {oil}                      => {root vegetables}       0.007015760  0.2500000 2.2936101    69
    ## [306]  {domestic eggs,                                                                             
    ##         whole milk}               => {citrus fruit}          0.005693950  0.1898305 2.2935910    56
    ## [307]  {long life bakery product} => {fruit/vegetable juice} 0.006202339  0.1657609 2.2929088    61
    ## [308]  {curd,                                                                                      
    ##         rolls/buns}               => {whole milk}            0.005897306  0.5858586 2.2928449    58
    ## [309]  {butter,                                                                                    
    ##         other vegetables}         => {yogurt}                0.006405694  0.3197970 2.2924220    63
    ## [310]  {beef,                                                                                      
    ##         yogurt}                   => {other vegetables}      0.005185562  0.4434783 2.2919646    51
    ## [311]  {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         sugar}                    => {whole milk}            0.006304016  0.5849057 2.2891155    62
    ## [312]  {root vegetables,                                                                           
    ##         soda}                     => {other vegetables}      0.008235892  0.4426230 2.2875443    81
    ## [313]  {onions}                   => {whipped/sour cream}    0.005083884  0.1639344 2.2869434    50
    ## [314]  {berries}                  => {yogurt}                0.010574479  0.3180428 2.2798477   104
    ## [315]  {curd,                                                                                      
    ##         yogurt}                   => {whole milk}            0.010066090  0.5823529 2.2791250    99
    ## [316]  {pip fruit,                                                                                 
    ##         whole milk}               => {yogurt}                0.009557702  0.3175676 2.2764410    94
    ## [317]  {fruit/vegetable juice,                                                                     
    ##         yogurt}                   => {other vegetables}      0.008235892  0.4402174 2.2751120    81
    ## [318]  {soda,                                                                                      
    ##         tropical fruit}           => {yogurt}                0.006609049  0.3170732 2.2728970    65
    ## [319]  {frankfurter,                                                                               
    ##         whole milk}               => {root vegetables}       0.005083884  0.2475248 2.2709011    50
    ## [320]  {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         root vegetables}          => {pip fruit}             0.008134215  0.1716738 2.2693710    80
    ## [321]  {citrus fruit,                                                                              
    ##         whipped/sour cream}       => {whole milk}            0.006304016  0.5794393 2.2677219    62
    ## [322]  {citrus fruit,                                                                              
    ##         tropical fruit}           => {yogurt}                0.006304016  0.3163265 2.2675448    62
    ## [323]  {butter,                                                                                    
    ##         yogurt}                   => {other vegetables}      0.006405694  0.4375000 2.2610681    63
    ## [324]  {root vegetables,                                                                           
    ##         whole milk}               => {citrus fruit}          0.009150991  0.1871102 2.2607232    90
    ## [325]  {whole milk,                                                                                
    ##         yogurt}                   => {pip fruit}             0.009557702  0.1705989 2.2551617    94
    ## [326]  {cream cheese}             => {whipped/sour cream}    0.006405694  0.1615385 2.2535188    63
    ## [327]  {hard cheese}              => {sausage}               0.005185562  0.2116183 2.2524519    51
    ## [328]  {frozen vegetables}        => {fruit/vegetable juice} 0.007829181  0.1627907 2.2518235    77
    ## [329]  {pip fruit,                                                                                 
    ##         root vegetables}          => {whole milk}            0.008947636  0.5751634 2.2509877    88
    ## [330]  {soda,                                                                                      
    ##         tropical fruit}           => {bottled water}         0.005185562  0.2487805 2.2509256    51
    ## [331]  {beef,                                                                                      
    ##         whole milk}               => {other vegetables}      0.009252669  0.4354067 2.2502495    91
    ## [332]  {citrus fruit,                                                                              
    ##         whole milk}               => {pip fruit}             0.005185562  0.1700000 2.2472446    51
    ## [333]  {pip fruit,                                                                                 
    ##         tropical fruit}           => {yogurt}                0.006405694  0.3134328 2.2468017    63
    ## [334]  {root vegetables}          => {other vegetables}      0.047381800  0.4347015 2.2466049   466
    ## [335]  {other vegetables}         => {root vegetables}       0.047381800  0.2448765 2.2466049   466
    ## [336]  {curd,                                                                                      
    ##         other vegetables}         => {whole milk}            0.009862735  0.5739645 2.2462956    97
    ## [337]  {butter,                                                                                    
    ##         other vegetables}         => {whole milk}            0.011489578  0.5736041 2.2448850   113
    ## [338]  {tropical fruit,                                                                            
    ##         whipped/sour cream}       => {whole milk}            0.007930859  0.5735294 2.2445928    78
    ## [339]  {cream cheese}             => {yogurt}                0.012404677  0.3128205 2.2424123   122
    ## [340]  {fruit/vegetable juice,                                                                     
    ##         whole milk}               => {root vegetables}       0.006507372  0.2442748 2.2410847    64
    ## [341]  {domestic eggs,                                                                             
    ##         whipped/sour cream}       => {whole milk}            0.005693950  0.5714286 2.2363709    56
    ## [342]  {dessert}                  => {fruit/vegetable juice} 0.005998983  0.1616438 2.2359594    59
    ## [343]  {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         root vegetables,                                                                           
    ##         tropical fruit}           => {whole milk}            0.007015760  0.5702479 2.2317503    69
    ## [344]  {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         pip fruit}                => {yogurt}                0.008134215  0.3112840 2.2313984    80
    ## [345]  {curd,                                                                                      
    ##         root vegetables}          => {whole milk}            0.006202339  0.5700935 2.2311457    61
    ## [346]  {root vegetables,                                                                           
    ##         tropical fruit}           => {whole milk}            0.011997966  0.5700483 2.2309690   118
    ## [347]  {butter,                                                                                    
    ##         whole milk}               => {citrus fruit}          0.005083884  0.1845018 2.2292084    50
    ## [348]  {bottled water,                                                                             
    ##         whole milk}               => {tropical fruit}        0.008032537  0.2337278 2.2274351    79
    ## [349]  {sausage,                                                                                   
    ##         tropical fruit}           => {other vegetables}      0.005998983  0.4306569 2.2257020    59
    ## [350]  {napkins,                                                                                   
    ##         whole milk}               => {yogurt}                0.006100661  0.3092784 2.2170208    60
    ## [351]  {whole milk,                                                                                
    ##         yogurt}                   => {citrus fruit}          0.010269446  0.1833031 2.2147246   101
    ## [352]  {frozen vegetables}        => {root vegetables}       0.011591256  0.2410148 2.2111759   114
    ## [353]  {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         rolls/buns}               => {sausage}               0.008845958  0.2076372 2.2100781    87
    ## [354]  {hamburger meat,                                                                            
    ##         whole milk}               => {other vegetables}      0.006304016  0.4275862 2.2098320    62
    ## [355]  {pip fruit}                => {citrus fruit}          0.013828165  0.1827957 2.2085942   136
    ## [356]  {citrus fruit}             => {pip fruit}             0.013828165  0.1670762 2.2085942   136
    ## [357]  {citrus fruit,                                                                              
    ##         whole milk}               => {other vegetables}      0.013014743  0.4266667 2.2050797   128
    ## [358]  {bottled water,                                                                             
    ##         whole milk}               => {bottled beer}          0.006100661  0.1775148 2.2043661    60
    ## [359]  {citrus fruit,                                                                              
    ##         pip fruit}                => {other vegetables}      0.005897306  0.4264706 2.2040663    58
    ## [360]  {curd,                                                                                      
    ##         whipped/sour cream}       => {whole milk}            0.005897306  0.5631068 2.2038024    58
    ## [361]  {root vegetables,                                                                           
    ##         yogurt}                   => {whole milk}            0.014539908  0.5629921 2.2033536   143
    ## [362]  {cream cheese,                                                                              
    ##         yogurt}                   => {other vegetables}      0.005287239  0.4262295 2.2028204    52
    ## [363]  {frozen vegetables,                                                                         
    ##         yogurt}                   => {other vegetables}      0.005287239  0.4262295 2.2028204    52
    ## [364]  {tropical fruit,                                                                            
    ##         yogurt}                   => {bottled water}         0.007117438  0.2430556 2.1991273    70
    ## [365]  {rolls/buns,                                                                                
    ##         tropical fruit}           => {root vegetables}       0.005897306  0.2396694 2.1988328    58
    ## [366]  {sausage,                                                                                   
    ##         whipped/sour cream}       => {whole milk}            0.005083884  0.5617978 2.1986792    50
    ## [367]  {beef,                                                                                      
    ##         rolls/buns}               => {other vegetables}      0.005795628  0.4253731 2.1983945    57
    ## [368]  {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         rolls/buns}               => {whipped/sour cream}    0.006710727  0.1575179 2.1974306    66
    ## [369]  {domestic eggs,                                                                             
    ##         whole milk}               => {tropical fruit}        0.006914082  0.2305085 2.1967547    68
    ## [370]  {salty snack}              => {fruit/vegetable juice} 0.005998983  0.1586022 2.1938849    59
    ## [371]  {bottled beer,                                                                              
    ##         yogurt}                   => {whole milk}            0.005185562  0.5604396 2.1933637    51
    ## [372]  {butter,                                                                                    
    ##         rolls/buns}               => {other vegetables}      0.005693950  0.4242424 2.1925508    56
    ## [373]  {brown bread,                                                                               
    ##         root vegetables}          => {whole milk}            0.005693950  0.5600000 2.1916435    56
    ## [374]  {domestic eggs}            => {whipped/sour cream}    0.009964413  0.1570513 2.1909211    98
    ## [375]  {bottled water,                                                                             
    ##         sausage}                  => {other vegetables}      0.005083884  0.4237288 2.1898964    50
    ## [376]  {butter milk}              => {yogurt}                0.008540925  0.3054545 2.1896104    84
    ## [377]  {citrus fruit,                                                                              
    ##         other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         root vegetables}          => {whole milk}            0.005795628  0.5588235 2.1870392    57
    ## [378]  {whipped/sour cream}       => {root vegetables}       0.017081851  0.2382979 2.1862496   168
    ## [379]  {root vegetables}          => {whipped/sour cream}    0.017081851  0.1567164 2.1862496   168
    ## [380]  {bottled water,                                                                             
    ##         other vegetables}         => {sausage}               0.005083884  0.2049180 2.1811351    50
    ## [381]  {meat}                     => {sausage}               0.005287239  0.2047244 2.1790742    52
    ## [382]  {onions}                   => {citrus fruit}          0.005592272  0.1803279 2.1787771    55
    ## [383]  {bottled water,                                                                             
    ##         soda}                     => {bottled beer}          0.005083884  0.1754386 2.1785841    50
    ## [384]  {curd,                                                                                      
    ##         whole milk}               => {root vegetables}       0.006202339  0.2373541 2.1775909    61
    ## [385]  {soda,                                                                                      
    ##         yogurt}                   => {sausage}               0.005592272  0.2044610 2.1762701    55
    ## [386]  {long life bakery product,                                                                  
    ##         whole milk}               => {other vegetables}      0.005693950  0.4210526 2.1760655    56
    ## [387]  {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         whole milk}               => {tropical fruit}        0.017081851  0.2282609 2.1753349   168
    ## [388]  {butter,                                                                                    
    ##         citrus fruit}             => {whole milk}            0.005083884  0.5555556 2.1742495    50
    ## [389]  {tropical fruit,                                                                            
    ##         yogurt}                   => {other vegetables}      0.012302999  0.4201389 2.1713431   121
    ## [390]  {frankfurter,                                                                               
    ##         yogurt}                   => {whole milk}            0.006202339  0.5545455 2.1702963    61
    ## [391]  {pork}                     => {root vegetables}       0.013624809  0.2363316 2.1682099   134
    ## [392]  {root vegetables,                                                                           
    ##         whipped/sour cream}       => {whole milk}            0.009456024  0.5535714 2.1664843    93
    ## [393]  {sugar,                                                                                     
    ##         whole milk}               => {other vegetables}      0.006304016  0.4189189 2.1650381    62
    ## [394]  {frankfurter,                                                                               
    ##         whole milk}               => {yogurt}                0.006202339  0.3019802 2.1647050    61
    ## [395]  {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         sausage}                  => {yogurt}                0.008134215  0.3018868 2.1640354    80
    ## [396]  {domestic eggs,                                                                             
    ##         other vegetables}         => {whole milk}            0.012302999  0.5525114 2.1623358   121
    ## [397]  {sausage,                                                                                   
    ##         soda}                     => {rolls/buns}            0.009659380  0.3974895 2.1610335    95
    ## [398]  {long life bakery product} => {whipped/sour cream}    0.005795628  0.1548913 2.1607886    57
    ## [399]  {chicken,                                                                                   
    ##         root vegetables}          => {whole milk}            0.005998983  0.5514019 2.1579934    59
    ## [400]  {chicken}                  => {other vegetables}      0.017895272  0.4170616 2.1554393   176
    ## [401]  {butter,                                                                                    
    ##         whole milk}               => {other vegetables}      0.011489578  0.4169742 2.1549874   113
    ## [402]  {soft cheese}              => {other vegetables}      0.007117438  0.4166667 2.1533981    70
    ## [403]  {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         whipped/sour cream,                                                                        
    ##         yogurt}                   => {whole milk}            0.005592272  0.5500000 2.1525070    55
    ## [404]  {brown bread,                                                                               
    ##         whole milk}               => {tropical fruit}        0.005693950  0.2258065 2.1519442    56
    ## [405]  {pork,                                                                                      
    ##         rolls/buns}               => {whole milk}            0.006202339  0.5495495 2.1507441    61
    ## [406]  {hamburger meat}           => {other vegetables}      0.013828165  0.4159021 2.1494470   136
    ## [407]  {citrus fruit,                                                                              
    ##         domestic eggs}            => {whole milk}            0.005693950  0.5490196 2.1486701    56
    ## [408]  {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         pastry}                   => {tropical fruit}        0.005083884  0.2252252 2.1464051    50
    ## [409]  {frankfurter,                                                                               
    ##         tropical fruit}           => {whole milk}            0.005185562  0.5483871 2.1461946    51
    ## [410]  {fruit/vegetable juice,                                                                     
    ##         whole milk}               => {tropical fruit}        0.005998983  0.2251908 2.1460774    59
    ## [411]  {butter,                                                                                    
    ##         whole milk}               => {tropical fruit}        0.006202339  0.2250923 2.1451379    61
    ## [412]  {sausage,                                                                                   
    ##         yogurt}                   => {other vegetables}      0.008134215  0.4145078 2.1422406    80
    ## [413]  {chicken,                                                                                   
    ##         rolls/buns}               => {whole milk}            0.005287239  0.5473684 2.1422079    52
    ## [414]  {sausage,                                                                                   
    ##         whole milk}               => {pastry}                0.005693950  0.1904762 2.1409524    56
    ## [415]  {frozen vegetables,                                                                         
    ##         whole milk}               => {yogurt}                0.006100661  0.2985075 2.1398111    60
    ## [416]  {baking powder}            => {other vegetables}      0.007320793  0.4137931 2.1385471    72
    ## [417]  {butter}                   => {root vegetables}       0.012913066  0.2330275 2.1378971   127
    ## [418]  {root vegetables,                                                                           
    ##         yogurt}                   => {sausage}               0.005185562  0.2007874 2.1371689    51
    ## [419]  {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         whole milk}               => {yogurt}                0.022267412  0.2975543 2.1329789   219
    ## [420]  {root vegetables,                                                                           
    ##         whole milk}               => {yogurt}                0.014539908  0.2972973 2.1311362   143
    ## [421]  {frozen vegetables,                                                                         
    ##         other vegetables}         => {yogurt}                0.005287239  0.2971429 2.1300292    52
    ## [422]  {rolls/buns,                                                                                
    ##         root vegetables}          => {yogurt}                0.007219115  0.2970711 2.1295150    71
    ## [423]  {frozen vegetables,                                                                         
    ##         other vegetables}         => {whole milk}            0.009659380  0.5428571 2.1245523    95
    ## [424]  {hygiene articles,                                                                          
    ##         other vegetables}         => {whole milk}            0.005185562  0.5425532 2.1233628    51
    ## [425]  {fruit/vegetable juice,                                                                     
    ##         root vegetables}          => {whole milk}            0.006507372  0.5423729 2.1226571    64
    ## [426]  {bottled water,                                                                             
    ##         rolls/buns}               => {tropical fruit}        0.005388917  0.2226891 2.1222355    53
    ## [427]  {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         yogurt}                   => {citrus fruit}          0.007625826  0.1756440 2.1221855    75
    ## [428]  {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         sausage}                  => {tropical fruit}        0.005998983  0.2226415 2.1217822    59
    ## [429]  {domestic eggs,                                                                             
    ##         whole milk}               => {other vegetables}      0.012302999  0.4101695 2.1198197   121
    ## [430]  {domestic eggs,                                                                             
    ##         soda}                     => {other vegetables}      0.005083884  0.4098361 2.1180965    50
    ## [431]  {domestic eggs,                                                                             
    ##         yogurt}                   => {whole milk}            0.007727504  0.5390071 2.1094846    76
    ## [432]  {bottled water,                                                                             
    ##         rolls/buns}               => {yogurt}                0.007117438  0.2941176 2.1083433    70
    ## [433]  {soda,                                                                                      
    ##         whole milk}               => {fruit/vegetable juice} 0.006100661  0.1522843 2.1064919    60
    ## [434]  {cream cheese,                                                                              
    ##         whole milk}               => {other vegetables}      0.006710727  0.4074074 2.1055449    66
    ## [435]  {margarine,                                                                                 
    ##         rolls/buns}               => {whole milk}            0.007930859  0.5379310 2.1052733    78
    ## [436]  {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         soda}                     => {tropical fruit}        0.007219115  0.2204969 2.1013440    71
    ## [437]  {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         whole milk}               => {citrus fruit}          0.013014743  0.1739130 2.1012712   128
    ## [438]  {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         pastry}                   => {yogurt}                0.006609049  0.2927928 2.0988463    65
    ## [439]  {sausage,                                                                                   
    ##         whole milk}               => {yogurt}                0.008744281  0.2925170 2.0968694    86
    ## [440]  {frozen vegetables,                                                                         
    ##         root vegetables}          => {whole milk}            0.006202339  0.5350877 2.0941455    61
    ## [441]  {hard cheese}              => {root vegetables}       0.005592272  0.2282158 2.0937519    55
    ## [442]  {sliced cheese}            => {root vegetables}       0.005592272  0.2282158 2.0937519    55
    ## [443]  {rolls/buns,                                                                                
    ##         whipped/sour cream}       => {whole milk}            0.007829181  0.5347222 2.0927151    77
    ## [444]  {hygiene articles,                                                                          
    ##         whole milk}               => {other vegetables}      0.005185562  0.4047619 2.0918725    51
    ## [445]  {grapes}                   => {other vegetables}      0.009049314  0.4045455 2.0907538    89
    ## [446]  {domestic eggs,                                                                             
    ##         yogurt}                   => {other vegetables}      0.005795628  0.4042553 2.0892544    57
    ## [447]  {bottled water,                                                                             
    ##         fruit/vegetable juice}    => {soda}                  0.005185562  0.3642857 2.0890671    51
    ## [448]  {long life bakery product,                                                                  
    ##         other vegetables}         => {whole milk}            0.005693950  0.5333333 2.0872795    56
    ## [449]  {brown bread,                                                                               
    ##         tropical fruit}           => {whole milk}            0.005693950  0.5333333 2.0872795    56
    ## [450]  {tropical fruit,                                                                            
    ##         whole milk}               => {other vegetables}      0.017081851  0.4038462 2.0871397   168
    ## [451]  {sausage,                                                                                   
    ##         shopping bags}            => {soda}                  0.005693950  0.3636364 2.0853432    56
    ## [452]  {cream cheese,                                                                              
    ##         yogurt}                   => {whole milk}            0.006609049  0.5327869 2.0851409    65
    ## [453]  {sausage,                                                                                   
    ##         shopping bags}            => {rolls/buns}            0.005998983  0.3831169 2.0828936    59
    ## [454]  {whipped/sour cream}       => {other vegetables}      0.028876462  0.4028369 2.0819237   284
    ## [455]  {pip fruit,                                                                                 
    ##         whole milk}               => {citrus fruit}          0.005185562  0.1722973 2.0817493    51
    ## [456]  {pip fruit,                                                                                 
    ##         yogurt}                   => {whole milk}            0.009557702  0.5310734 2.0784351    94
    ## [457]  {margarine,                                                                                 
    ##         whole milk}               => {yogurt}                0.007015760  0.2899160 2.0782241    69
    ## [458]  {white bread}              => {pip fruit}             0.006609049  0.1570048 2.0754604    65
    ## [459]  {newspapers,                                                                                
    ##         other vegetables}         => {yogurt}                0.005592272  0.2894737 2.0750537    55
    ## [460]  {whipped/sour cream}       => {yogurt}                0.020742247  0.2893617 2.0742510   204
    ## [461]  {bottled water,                                                                             
    ##         whole milk}               => {citrus fruit}          0.005897306  0.1715976 2.0732957    58
    ## [462]  {domestic eggs}            => {root vegetables}       0.014336553  0.2259615 2.0730706   141
    ## [463]  {brown bread,                                                                               
    ##         whole milk}               => {root vegetables}       0.005693950  0.2258065 2.0716478    56
    ## [464]  {margarine,                                                                                 
    ##         other vegetables}         => {yogurt}                0.005693950  0.2886598 2.0692194    56
    ## [465]  {margarine,                                                                                 
    ##         yogurt}                   => {other vegetables}      0.005693950  0.4000000 2.0672622    56
    ## [466]  {rolls/buns,                                                                                
    ##         whole milk}               => {root vegetables}       0.012709710  0.2244165 2.0588959   125
    ## [467]  {beef,                                                                                      
    ##         whole milk}               => {yogurt}                0.006100661  0.2870813 2.0579045    60
    ## [468]  {sliced cheese}            => {tropical fruit}        0.005287239  0.2157676 2.0562739    52
    ## [469]  {whole milk,                                                                                
    ##         yogurt}                   => {other vegetables}      0.022267412  0.3974592 2.0541308   219
    ## [470]  {whipped/sour cream,                                                                        
    ##         yogurt}                   => {whole milk}            0.010879512  0.5245098 2.0527473   107
    ## [471]  {waffles}                  => {pastry}                0.007015760  0.1825397 2.0517460    69
    ## [472]  {rolls/buns,                                                                                
    ##         root vegetables}          => {whole milk}            0.012709710  0.5230126 2.0468876   125
    ## [473]  {baking powder}            => {whole milk}            0.009252669  0.5229885 2.0467935    91
    ## [474]  {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         rolls/buns,                                                                                
    ##         yogurt}                   => {whole milk}            0.005998983  0.5221239 2.0434097    59
    ## [475]  {beef,                                                                                      
    ##         yogurt}                   => {whole milk}            0.006100661  0.5217391 2.0419038    60
    ## [476]  {coffee,                                                                                    
    ##         yogurt}                   => {whole milk}            0.005083884  0.5208333 2.0383589    50
    ## [477]  {rolls/buns,                                                                                
    ##         yogurt}                   => {citrus fruit}          0.005795628  0.1686391 2.0375492    57
    ## [478]  {cream cheese}             => {pip fruit}             0.006100661  0.1538462 2.0337055    60
    ## [479]  {fruit/vegetable juice,                                                                     
    ##         whole milk}               => {other vegetables}      0.010472801  0.3931298 2.0317558   103
    ## [480]  {pip fruit,                                                                                 
    ##         sausage}                  => {whole milk}            0.005592272  0.5188679 2.0306669    55
    ## [481]  {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         sausage}                  => {shopping bags}         0.005388917  0.2000000 2.0299278    53
    ## [482]  {pastry,                                                                                    
    ##         root vegetables}          => {whole milk}            0.005693950  0.5185185 2.0292995    56
    ## [483]  {sausage,                                                                                   
    ##         tropical fruit}           => {whole milk}            0.007219115  0.5182482 2.0282415    71
    ## [484]  {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         pip fruit}                => {whole milk}            0.013523132  0.5175097 2.0253514   133
    ## [485]  {tropical fruit,                                                                            
    ##         yogurt}                   => {whole milk}            0.015149975  0.5173611 2.0247698   149
    ## [486]  {pastry,                                                                                    
    ##         yogurt}                   => {whole milk}            0.009150991  0.5172414 2.0243012    90
    ## [487]  {citrus fruit,                                                                              
    ##         root vegetables}          => {whole milk}            0.009150991  0.5172414 2.0243012    90
    ## [488]  {root vegetables,                                                                           
    ##         sausage}                  => {whole milk}            0.007727504  0.5170068 2.0233832    76
    ## [489]  {brown bread,                                                                               
    ##         whole milk}               => {yogurt}                0.007117438  0.2822581 2.0233295    70
    ## [490]  {pastry,                                                                                    
    ##         whole milk}               => {pip fruit}             0.005083884  0.1529052 2.0212670    50
    ## [491]  {bottled water,                                                                             
    ##         whole milk}               => {yogurt}                0.009659380  0.2810651 2.0147778    95
    ## [492]  {frozen vegetables}        => {pip fruit}             0.007320793  0.1522199 2.0122076    72
    ## [493]  {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         yogurt}                   => {whole milk}            0.022267412  0.5128806 2.0072345   219
    ## [494]  {tropical fruit}           => {yogurt}                0.029283172  0.2790698 2.0004746   288
    ## [495]  {yogurt}                   => {tropical fruit}        0.029283172  0.2099125 2.0004746   288
    ## [496]  {oil,                                                                                       
    ##         other vegetables}         => {whole milk}            0.005083884  0.5102041 1.9967597    50
    ## [497]  {butter}                   => {citrus fruit}          0.009150991  0.1651376 1.9952438    90
    ## [498]  {hard cheese}              => {other vegetables}      0.009456024  0.3858921 1.9943505    93
    ## [499]  {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         yogurt}                   => {sausage}               0.008134215  0.1873536 1.9941807    80
    ## [500]  {meat}                     => {other vegetables}      0.009964413  0.3858268 1.9940128    98
    ## [501]  {rolls/buns,                                                                                
    ##         whole milk,                                                                                
    ##         yogurt}                   => {other vegetables}      0.005998983  0.3856209 1.9929489    59
    ## [502]  {rolls/buns,                                                                                
    ##         sausage}                  => {shopping bags}         0.005998983  0.1960133 1.9894641    59
    ## [503]  {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         rolls/buns,                                                                                
    ##         root vegetables}          => {whole milk}            0.006202339  0.5083333 1.9894383    61
    ## [504]  {pastry,                                                                                    
    ##         tropical fruit}           => {other vegetables}      0.005083884  0.3846154 1.9877521    50
    ## [505]  {pastry,                                                                                    
    ##         tropical fruit}           => {whole milk}            0.006710727  0.5076923 1.9869295    66
    ## [506]  {brown bread,                                                                               
    ##         other vegetables}         => {yogurt}                0.005185562  0.2771739 1.9868844    51
    ## [507]  {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         whipped/sour cream}       => {whole milk}            0.014641586  0.5070423 1.9843854   144
    ## [508]  {pastry,                                                                                    
    ##         rolls/buns}               => {yogurt}                0.005795628  0.2766990 1.9834803    57
    ## [509]  {rolls/buns,                                                                                
    ##         tropical fruit}           => {bottled water}         0.005388917  0.2190083 1.9815513    53
    ## [510]  {fruit/vegetable juice,                                                                     
    ##         soda}                     => {yogurt}                0.005083884  0.2762431 1.9802120    50
    ## [511]  {UHT-milk}                 => {bottled water}         0.007320793  0.2188450 1.9800740    72
    ## [512]  {white bread}              => {tropical fruit}        0.008744281  0.2077295 1.9796699    86
    ## [513]  {shopping bags,                                                                             
    ##         whole milk}               => {root vegetables}       0.005287239  0.2157676 1.9795473    52
    ## [514]  {fruit/vegetable juice,                                                                     
    ##         yogurt}                   => {whole milk}            0.009456024  0.5054348 1.9780943    93
    ## [515]  {pip fruit,                                                                                 
    ##         whole milk}               => {sausage}               0.005592272  0.1858108 1.9777590    55
    ## [516]  {margarine,                                                                                 
    ##         whole milk}               => {other vegetables}      0.009252669  0.3823529 1.9760595    91
    ## [517]  {domestic eggs}            => {citrus fruit}          0.010371124  0.1634615 1.9749929   102
    ## [518]  {newspapers,                                                                                
    ##         root vegetables}          => {whole milk}            0.005795628  0.5044248 1.9741415    57
    ## [519]  {ham}                      => {tropical fruit}        0.005388917  0.2070312 1.9730158    53
    ## [520]  {pastry,                                                                                    
    ##         whole milk}               => {yogurt}                0.009150991  0.2752294 1.9729451    90
    ## [521]  {rolls/buns,                                                                                
    ##         whole milk}               => {yogurt}                0.015556685  0.2746858 1.9690488   153
    ## [522]  {fruit/vegetable juice,                                                                     
    ##         whole milk}               => {bottled water}         0.005795628  0.2175573 1.9684228    57
    ## [523]  {citrus fruit}             => {root vegetables}       0.017691917  0.2137592 1.9611211   174
    ## [524]  {root vegetables}          => {citrus fruit}          0.017691917  0.1623134 1.9611211   174
    ## [525]  {berries}                  => {citrus fruit}          0.005388917  0.1620795 1.9582948    53
    ## [526]  {frozen vegetables,                                                                         
    ##         rolls/buns}               => {whole milk}            0.005083884  0.5000000 1.9568245    50
    ## [527]  {beef,                                                                                      
    ##         rolls/buns}               => {whole milk}            0.006812405  0.5000000 1.9568245    67
    ## [528]  {pork,                                                                                      
    ##         root vegetables}          => {whole milk}            0.006812405  0.5000000 1.9568245    67
    ## [529]  {frankfurter,                                                                               
    ##         root vegetables}          => {whole milk}            0.005083884  0.5000000 1.9568245    50
    ## [530]  {brown bread,                                                                               
    ##         other vegetables}         => {whole milk}            0.009354347  0.5000000 1.9568245    92
    ## [531]  {bottled water,                                                                             
    ##         whole milk}               => {root vegetables}       0.007320793  0.2130178 1.9543186    72
    ## [532]  {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         root vegetables}          => {yogurt}                0.012913066  0.2725322 1.9536108   127
    ## [533]  {curd,                                                                                      
    ##         whole milk}               => {other vegetables}      0.009862735  0.3774319 1.9506268    97
    ## [534]  {coffee,                                                                                    
    ##         whole milk}               => {yogurt}                0.005083884  0.2717391 1.9479259    50
    ## [535]  {fruit/vegetable juice,                                                                     
    ##         other vegetables}         => {whole milk}            0.010472801  0.4975845 1.9473713   103
    ## [536]  {chicken}                  => {citrus fruit}          0.006914082  0.1611374 1.9469124    68
    ## [537]  {domestic eggs,                                                                             
    ##         rolls/buns}               => {other vegetables}      0.005897306  0.3766234 1.9464482    58
    ## [538]  {butter}                   => {whole milk}            0.027554652  0.4972477 1.9460530   271
    ## [539]  {newspapers,                                                                                
    ##         whole milk}               => {root vegetables}       0.005795628  0.2118959 1.9440264    57
    ## [540]  {beef}                     => {citrus fruit}          0.008439248  0.1608527 1.9434723    83
    ## [541]  {beef}                     => {other vegetables}      0.019725470  0.3759690 1.9430662   194
    ## [542]  {bottled water,                                                                             
    ##         citrus fruit}             => {other vegetables}      0.005083884  0.3759398 1.9429156    50
    ## [543]  {pork}                     => {other vegetables}      0.021657346  0.3756614 1.9414764   213
    ## [544]  {hygiene articles}         => {tropical fruit}        0.006710727  0.2037037 1.9413042    66
    ## [545]  {napkins,                                                                                   
    ##         yogurt}                   => {whole milk}            0.006100661  0.4958678 1.9406524    60
    ## [546]  {hygiene articles}         => {citrus fruit}          0.005287239  0.1604938 1.9391361    52
    ## [547]  {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         rolls/buns}               => {yogurt}                0.011489578  0.2696897 1.9332351   113
    ## [548]  {pastry,                                                                                    
    ##         yogurt}                   => {other vegetables}      0.006609049  0.3735632 1.9306328    65
    ## [549]  {margarine,                                                                                 
    ##         yogurt}                   => {whole milk}            0.007015760  0.4928571 1.9288699    69
    ## [550]  {bottled beer,                                                                              
    ##         whole milk}               => {other vegetables}      0.007625826  0.3731343 1.9284162    75
    ## [551]  {butter,                                                                                    
    ##         rolls/buns}               => {whole milk}            0.006609049  0.4924242 1.9271757    65
    ## [552]  {rolls/buns,                                                                                
    ##         yogurt}                   => {root vegetables}       0.007219115  0.2100592 1.9271753    71
    ## [553]  {frozen vegetables,                                                                         
    ##         yogurt}                   => {whole milk}            0.006100661  0.4918033 1.9247454    60
    ## [554]  {berries}                  => {tropical fruit}        0.006710727  0.2018349 1.9234941    66
    ## [555]  {pastry,                                                                                    
    ##         whole milk}               => {tropical fruit}        0.006710727  0.2018349 1.9234941    66
    ## [556]  {curd}                     => {whole milk}            0.026131164  0.4904580 1.9194805   257
    ## [557]  {frankfurter,                                                                               
    ##         whole milk}               => {other vegetables}      0.007625826  0.3712871 1.9188696    75
    ## [558]  {brown bread,                                                                               
    ##         whole milk}               => {other vegetables}      0.009354347  0.3709677 1.9172190    92
    ## [559]  {butter milk}              => {other vegetables}      0.010371124  0.3709091 1.9169159   102
    ## [560]  {brown bread,                                                                               
    ##         yogurt}                   => {whole milk}            0.007117438  0.4895105 1.9157723    70
    ## [561]  {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         root vegetables}          => {whole milk}            0.023182511  0.4892704 1.9148326   228
    ## [562]  {cream cheese,                                                                              
    ##         other vegetables}         => {whole milk}            0.006710727  0.4888889 1.9133395    66
    ## [563]  {frozen vegetables}        => {other vegetables}      0.017793594  0.3699789 1.9121083   175
    ## [564]  {cat food}                 => {yogurt}                0.006202339  0.2663755 1.9094778    61
    ## [565]  {sliced cheese}            => {other vegetables}      0.009049314  0.3692946 1.9085720    89
    ## [566]  {dessert}                  => {yogurt}                0.009862735  0.2657534 1.9050182    97
    ## [567]  {flour}                    => {whole milk}            0.008439248  0.4853801 1.8996074    83
    ## [568]  {pip fruit,                                                                                 
    ##         whole milk}               => {pastry}                0.005083884  0.1689189 1.8986486    50
    ## [569]  {rolls/buns,                                                                                
    ##         yogurt}                   => {pastry}                0.005795628  0.1686391 1.8955030    57
    ## [570]  {butter}                   => {yogurt}                0.014641586  0.2642202 1.8940273   144
    ## [571]  {citrus fruit,                                                                              
    ##         other vegetables}         => {yogurt}                0.007625826  0.2640845 1.8930548    75
    ## [572]  {pip fruit}                => {root vegetables}       0.015556685  0.2056452 1.8866793   153
    ## [573]  {pip fruit,                                                                                 
    ##         rolls/buns}               => {other vegetables}      0.005083884  0.3649635 1.8861882    50
    ## [574]  {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         soda}                     => {pastry}                0.005490595  0.1677019 1.8849689    54
    ## [575]  {beef,                                                                                      
    ##         other vegetables}         => {yogurt}                0.005185562  0.2628866 1.8844677    51
    ## [576]  {newspapers,                                                                                
    ##         yogurt}                   => {other vegetables}      0.005592272  0.3642384 1.8824408    55
    ## [577]  {citrus fruit}             => {yogurt}                0.021657346  0.2616708 1.8757521   213
    ## [578]  {yogurt}                   => {citrus fruit}          0.021657346  0.1552478 1.8757521   213
    ## [579]  {soda,                                                                                      
    ##         whole milk}               => {yogurt}                0.010472801  0.2614213 1.8739641   103
    ## [580]  {hard cheese}              => {yogurt}                0.006405694  0.2614108 1.8738886    63
    ## [581]  {flour}                    => {other vegetables}      0.006304016  0.3625731 1.8738342    62
    ## [582]  {rolls/buns,                                                                                
    ##         yogurt}                   => {bottled water}         0.007117438  0.2071006 1.8738126    70
    ## [583]  {curd}                     => {root vegetables}       0.010879512  0.2041985 1.8734067   107
    ## [584]  {butter milk}              => {tropical fruit}        0.005490595  0.1963636 1.8713531    54
    ## [585]  {butter}                   => {other vegetables}      0.020030503  0.3614679 1.8681223   197
    ## [586]  {coffee,                                                                                    
    ##         other vegetables}         => {whole milk}            0.006405694  0.4772727 1.8678779    63
    ## [587]  {domestic eggs,                                                                             
    ##         other vegetables}         => {yogurt}                0.005795628  0.2602740 1.8657394    57
    ## [588]  {pastry,                                                                                    
    ##         pip fruit}                => {whole milk}            0.005083884  0.4761905 1.8636424    50
    ## [589]  {soda,                                                                                      
    ##         whole milk}               => {root vegetables}       0.008134215  0.2030457 1.8628305    80
    ## [590]  {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         tropical fruit}           => {whole milk}            0.017081851  0.4759207 1.8625865   168
    ## [591]  {soda,                                                                                      
    ##         whole milk}               => {tropical fruit}        0.007829181  0.1954315 1.8624695    77
    ## [592]  {herbs}                    => {whole milk}            0.007727504  0.4750000 1.8589833    76
    ## [593]  {rolls/buns,                                                                                
    ##         yogurt}                   => {sausage}               0.005998983  0.1745562 1.8579658    59
    ## [594]  {citrus fruit,                                                                              
    ##         yogurt}                   => {whole milk}            0.010269446  0.4741784 1.8557678   101
    ## [595]  {fruit/vegetable juice}    => {yogurt}                0.018708693  0.2587904 1.8551049   184
    ## [596]  {soda,                                                                                      
    ##         whipped/sour cream}       => {whole milk}            0.005490595  0.4736842 1.8538337    54
    ## [597]  {bottled water,                                                                             
    ##         yogurt}                   => {soda}                  0.007422471  0.3230088 1.8523569    73
    ## [598]  {rolls/buns,                                                                                
    ##         shopping bags}            => {soda}                  0.006304016  0.3229167 1.8518282    62
    ## [599]  {domestic eggs}            => {whole milk}            0.029994916  0.4727564 1.8502027   295
    ## [600]  {pickled vegetables}       => {other vegetables}      0.006405694  0.3579545 1.8499648    63
    ## [601]  {bottled beer,                                                                              
    ##         bottled water}            => {soda}                  0.005083884  0.3225806 1.8499013    50
    ## [602]  {frozen vegetables}        => {yogurt}                0.012404677  0.2579281 1.8489235   122
    ## [603]  {ham}                      => {yogurt}                0.006710727  0.2578125 1.8480947    66
    ## [604]  {citrus fruit,                                                                              
    ##         rolls/buns}               => {other vegetables}      0.005998983  0.3575758 1.8480071    59
    ## [605]  {rolls/buns,                                                                                
    ##         whole milk}               => {tropical fruit}        0.010981190  0.1938959 1.8478352   108
    ## [606]  {newspapers,                                                                                
    ##         rolls/buns}               => {yogurt}                0.005083884  0.2577320 1.8475174    50
    ## [607]  {domestic eggs,                                                                             
    ##         whole milk}               => {yogurt}                0.007727504  0.2576271 1.8467658    76
    ## [608]  {napkins,                                                                                   
    ##         other vegetables}         => {whole milk}            0.006812405  0.4718310 1.8465809    67
    ## [609]  {bottled beer,                                                                              
    ##         other vegetables}         => {whole milk}            0.007625826  0.4716981 1.8460609    75
    ## [610]  {frankfurter,                                                                               
    ##         other vegetables}         => {rolls/buns}            0.005592272  0.3395062 1.8457950    55
    ## [611]  {chicken,                                                                                   
    ##         other vegetables}         => {whole milk}            0.008439248  0.4715909 1.8456413    83
    ## [612]  {frozen meals}             => {tropical fruit}        0.005490595  0.1935484 1.8445236    54
    ## [613]  {brown bread,                                                                               
    ##         yogurt}                   => {other vegetables}      0.005185562  0.3566434 1.8431883    51
    ## [614]  {tropical fruit}           => {root vegetables}       0.021047280  0.2005814 1.8402220   207
    ## [615]  {root vegetables}          => {tropical fruit}        0.021047280  0.1930970 1.8402220   207
    ## [616]  {whipped/sour cream}       => {tropical fruit}        0.013828165  0.1929078 1.8384188   136
    ## [617]  {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         pork}                     => {whole milk}            0.010167768  0.4694836 1.8373939   100
    ## [618]  {curd}                     => {tropical fruit}        0.010269446  0.1927481 1.8368968   101
    ## [619]  {bottled water,                                                                             
    ##         soda}                     => {yogurt}                0.007422471  0.2561404 1.8361081    73
    ## [620]  {whole milk,                                                                                
    ##         yogurt}                   => {pastry}                0.009150991  0.1633394 1.8359347    90
    ## [621]  {beef,                                                                                      
    ##         other vegetables}         => {whole milk}            0.009252669  0.4690722 1.8357838    91
    ## [622]  {margarine,                                                                                 
    ##         other vegetables}         => {whole milk}            0.009252669  0.4690722 1.8357838    91
    ## [623]  {oil}                      => {other vegetables}      0.009964413  0.3550725 1.8350697    98
    ## [624]  {whipped/sour cream}       => {citrus fruit}          0.010879512  0.1517730 1.8337690   107
    ## [625]  {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         pastry}                   => {whole milk}            0.010574479  0.4684685 1.8334212   104
    ## [626]  {napkins}                  => {tropical fruit}        0.010066090  0.1922330 1.8319880    99
    ## [627]  {bottled water,                                                                             
    ##         root vegetables}          => {whole milk}            0.007320793  0.4675325 1.8297580    72
    ## [628]  {processed cheese}         => {soda}                  0.005287239  0.3190184 1.8294729    52
    ## [629]  {bottled water,                                                                             
    ##         yogurt}                   => {other vegetables}      0.008134215  0.3539823 1.8294356    80
    ## [630]  {shopping bags,                                                                             
    ##         yogurt}                   => {other vegetables}      0.005388917  0.3533333 1.8260816    53
    ## [631]  {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         soda}                     => {yogurt}                0.008337570  0.2546584 1.8254849    82
    ## [632]  {white bread}              => {sausage}               0.007219115  0.1714976 1.8254099    71
    ## [633]  {curd,                                                                                      
    ##         yogurt}                   => {other vegetables}      0.006100661  0.3529412 1.8240549    60
    ## [634]  {berries}                  => {root vegetables}       0.006609049  0.1987768 1.8236655    65
    ## [635]  {pastry,                                                                                    
    ##         whole milk}               => {sausage}               0.005693950  0.1712538 1.8228153    56
    ## [636]  {detergent}                => {whole milk}            0.008947636  0.4656085 1.8222281    88
    ## [637]  {citrus fruit,                                                                              
    ##         yogurt}                   => {other vegetables}      0.007625826  0.3521127 1.8197731    75
    ## [638]  {chocolate}                => {pastry}                0.008032537  0.1618852 1.8195902    79
    ## [639]  {bottled beer,                                                                              
    ##         whole milk}               => {yogurt}                0.005185562  0.2537313 1.8188395    51
    ## [640]  {margarine,                                                                                 
    ##         rolls/buns}               => {other vegetables}      0.005185562  0.3517241 1.8177651    51
    ## [641]  {onions,                                                                                    
    ##         other vegetables}         => {whole milk}            0.006609049  0.4642857 1.8170513    65
    ## [642]  {ham}                      => {other vegetables}      0.009150991  0.3515625 1.8169297    90
    ## [643]  {frankfurter}              => {sausage}               0.010066090  0.1706897 1.8168103    99
    ## [644]  {tropical fruit,                                                                            
    ##         whole milk}               => {sausage}               0.007219115  0.1706731 1.8166339    71
    ## [645]  {domestic eggs}            => {other vegetables}      0.022267412  0.3509615 1.8138238   219
    ## [646]  {frankfurter,                                                                               
    ##         other vegetables}         => {whole milk}            0.007625826  0.4629630 1.8118745    75
    ## [647]  {rolls/buns,                                                                                
    ##         sausage}                  => {soda}                  0.009659380  0.3156146 1.8099532    95
    ## [648]  {fruit/vegetable juice}    => {tropical fruit}        0.013726487  0.1898734 1.8095010   135
    ## [649]  {beef,                                                                                      
    ##         root vegetables}          => {whole milk}            0.008032537  0.4619883 1.8080601    79
    ## [650]  {meat}                     => {root vegetables}       0.005083884  0.1968504 1.8059922    50
    ## [651]  {citrus fruit}             => {other vegetables}      0.028876462  0.3488943 1.8031403   284
    ## [652]  {newspapers,                                                                                
    ##         yogurt}                   => {rolls/buns}            0.005083884  0.3311258 1.8002336    50
    ## [653]  {soda,                                                                                      
    ##         whole milk}               => {other vegetables}      0.013929842  0.3477157 1.7970490   137
    ## [654]  {soda,                                                                                      
    ##         tropical fruit}           => {other vegetables}      0.007219115  0.3463415 1.7899466    71
    ## [655]  {white bread}              => {shopping bags}         0.007422471  0.1763285 1.7896706    73
    ## [656]  {cream cheese}             => {other vegetables}      0.013726487  0.3461538 1.7889769   135
    ## [657]  {pip fruit}                => {other vegetables}      0.026131164  0.3454301 1.7852365   257
    ## [658]  {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         sausage}                  => {rolls/buns}            0.008845958  0.3283019 1.7848806    87
    ## [659]  {napkins,                                                                                   
    ##         whole milk}               => {other vegetables}      0.006812405  0.3453608 1.7848785    67
    ## [660]  {white bread,                                                                               
    ##         whole milk}               => {other vegetables}      0.005897306  0.3452381 1.7842442    58
    ## [661]  {hamburger meat,                                                                            
    ##         other vegetables}         => {whole milk}            0.006304016  0.4558824 1.7841635    62
    ## [662]  {tropical fruit,                                                                            
    ##         whole milk}               => {pastry}                0.006710727  0.1586538 1.7832692    66
    ## [663]  {soda,                                                                                      
    ##         whole milk}               => {sausage}               0.006710727  0.1675127 1.7829949    66
    ## [664]  {pastry,                                                                                    
    ##         sausage}                  => {whole milk}            0.005693950  0.4552846 1.7818239    56
    ## [665]  {margarine,                                                                                 
    ##         whole milk}               => {rolls/buns}            0.007930859  0.3277311 1.7817774    78
    ## [666]  {fruit/vegetable juice}    => {bottled water}         0.014234875  0.1969058 1.7815715   140
    ## [667]  {pastry,                                                                                    
    ##         yogurt}                   => {rolls/buns}            0.005795628  0.3275862 1.7809897    57
    ## [668]  {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         tropical fruit}           => {sausage}               0.005998983  0.1671388 1.7790154    59
    ## [669]  {sausage,                                                                                   
    ##         shopping bags}            => {other vegetables}      0.005388917  0.3441558 1.7786509    53
    ## [670]  {citrus fruit,                                                                              
    ##         tropical fruit}           => {whole milk}            0.009049314  0.4540816 1.7771161    89
    ## [671]  {frankfurter}              => {rolls/buns}            0.019217082  0.3258621 1.7716161   189
    ## [672]  {rolls/buns,                                                                                
    ##         yogurt}                   => {whole milk}            0.015556685  0.4526627 1.7715630   153
    ## [673]  {long life bakery product} => {pastry}                0.005897306  0.1576087 1.7715217    58
    ## [674]  {newspapers,                                                                                
    ##         whole milk}               => {tropical fruit}        0.005083884  0.1858736 1.7713827    50
    ## [675]  {sausage}                  => {rolls/buns}            0.030604982  0.3257576 1.7710480   301
    ## [676]  {rolls/buns}               => {sausage}               0.030604982  0.1663903 1.7710480   301
    ## [677]  {bottled beer}             => {bottled water}         0.015760041  0.1957071 1.7707259   155
    ## [678]  {napkins,                                                                                   
    ##         rolls/buns}               => {whole milk}            0.005287239  0.4521739 1.7696500    52
    ## [679]  {coffee,                                                                                    
    ##         whole milk}               => {other vegetables}      0.006405694  0.3423913 1.7695315    63
    ## [680]  {butter,                                                                                    
    ##         whole milk}               => {bottled water}         0.005388917  0.1955720 1.7695034    53
    ## [681]  {tropical fruit}           => {other vegetables}      0.035892222  0.3420543 1.7677896   353
    ## [682]  {other vegetables}         => {tropical fruit}        0.035892222  0.1854966 1.7677896   353
    ## [683]  {citrus fruit,                                                                              
    ##         other vegetables}         => {whole milk}            0.013014743  0.4507042 1.7638982   128
    ## [684]  {dishes}                   => {other vegetables}      0.005998983  0.3410405 1.7625502    59
    ## [685]  {whipped/sour cream}       => {whole milk}            0.032231825  0.4496454 1.7597542   317
    ## [686]  {rolls/buns,                                                                                
    ##         whole milk}               => {sausage}               0.009354347  0.1651706 1.7580654    92
    ## [687]  {sausage,                                                                                   
    ##         whole milk}               => {other vegetables}      0.010167768  0.3401361 1.7578760   100
    ## [688]  {whole milk}               => {root vegetables}       0.048906965  0.1914047 1.7560310   481
    ## [689]  {root vegetables}          => {whole milk}            0.048906965  0.4486940 1.7560310   481
    ## [690]  {brown bread}              => {sausage}               0.010676157  0.1645768 1.7517455   105
    ## [691]  {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         rolls/buns}               => {tropical fruit}        0.007829181  0.1837709 1.7513436    77
    ## [692]  {onions}                   => {tropical fruit}        0.005693950  0.1836066 1.7497776    56
    ## [693]  {citrus fruit,                                                                              
    ##         whole milk}               => {bottled water}         0.005897306  0.1933333 1.7492487    58
    ## [694]  {chocolate,                                                                                 
    ##         whole milk}               => {soda}                  0.005083884  0.3048780 1.7483823    50
    ## [695]  {rolls/buns,                                                                                
    ##         tropical fruit}           => {whole milk}            0.010981190  0.4462810 1.7465872   108
    ## [696]  {canned fish}              => {other vegetables}      0.005083884  0.3378378 1.7459985    50
    ## [697]  {napkins}                  => {root vegetables}       0.009964413  0.1902913 1.7458158    98
    ## [698]  {sausage,                                                                                   
    ##         yogurt}                   => {whole milk}            0.008744281  0.4455959 1.7439058    86
    ## [699]  {beef,                                                                                      
    ##         whole milk}               => {rolls/buns}            0.006812405  0.3205742 1.7428673    67
    ## [700]  {pip fruit,                                                                                 
    ##         rolls/buns}               => {whole milk}            0.006202339  0.4452555 1.7425737    61
    ## [701]  {margarine}                => {yogurt}                0.014234875  0.2430556 1.7423115   140
    ## [702]  {cream cheese}             => {root vegetables}       0.007524148  0.1897436 1.7407912    74
    ## [703]  {margarine}                => {other vegetables}      0.019725470  0.3368056 1.7406635   194
    ## [704]  {sugar}                    => {whole milk}            0.015048297  0.4444444 1.7393996   148
    ## [705]  {margarine}                => {root vegetables}       0.011082867  0.1892361 1.7361354   109
    ## [706]  {sugar}                    => {root vegetables}       0.006405694  0.1891892 1.7357049    63
    ## [707]  {hamburger meat}           => {whole milk}            0.014743264  0.4434251 1.7354101   145
    ## [708]  {cream cheese}             => {tropical fruit}        0.007219115  0.1820513 1.7349558    71
    ## [709]  {frozen vegetables}        => {tropical fruit}        0.008744281  0.1818182 1.7327343    86
    ## [710]  {bottled water,                                                                             
    ##         tropical fruit}           => {other vegetables}      0.006202339  0.3351648 1.7321840    61
    ## [711]  {newspapers,                                                                                
    ##         whole milk}               => {yogurt}                0.006609049  0.2416357 1.7321334    65
    ## [712]  {white bread}              => {root vegetables}       0.007930859  0.1884058 1.7285177    78
    ## [713]  {rolls/buns,                                                                                
    ##         yogurt}                   => {other vegetables}      0.011489578  0.3343195 1.7278153   113
    ## [714]  {ham}                      => {whole milk}            0.011489578  0.4414062 1.7275091   113
    ## [715]  {soda,                                                                                      
    ##         whole milk}               => {shopping bags}         0.006812405  0.1700508 1.7259538    67
    ## [716]  {soft cheese}              => {whole milk}            0.007524148  0.4404762 1.7238692    74
    ## [717]  {detergent}                => {other vegetables}      0.006405694  0.3333333 1.7227185    63
    ## [718]  {sugar}                    => {pastry}                0.005185562  0.1531532 1.7214414    51
    ## [719]  {sliced cheese}            => {whole milk}            0.010777834  0.4398340 1.7213560   106
    ## [720]  {onions}                   => {bottled water}         0.005897306  0.1901639 1.7205725    58
    ## [721]  {tropical fruit,                                                                            
    ##         whole milk}               => {bottled water}         0.008032537  0.1899038 1.7182193    79
    ## [722]  {candy}                    => {tropical fruit}        0.005388917  0.1802721 1.7180002    53
    ## [723]  {soda,                                                                                      
    ##         yogurt}                   => {rolls/buns}            0.008642603  0.3159851 1.7179181    85
    ## [724]  {soft cheese}              => {rolls/buns}            0.005388917  0.3154762 1.7151511    53
    ## [725]  {butter}                   => {tropical fruit}        0.009964413  0.1798165 1.7136583    98
    ## [726]  {processed cheese}         => {other vegetables}      0.005490595  0.3312883 1.7121497    54
    ## [727]  {hamburger meat}           => {root vegetables}       0.006202339  0.1865443 1.7114399    61
    ## [728]  {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         yogurt}                   => {pastry}                0.006609049  0.1522248 1.7110070    65
    ## [729]  {root vegetables,                                                                           
    ##         soda}                     => {whole milk}            0.008134215  0.4371585 1.7108848    80
    ## [730]  {domestic eggs}            => {tropical fruit}        0.011387900  0.1794872 1.7105198   112
    ## [731]  {fruit/vegetable juice,                                                                     
    ##         tropical fruit}           => {whole milk}            0.005998983  0.4370370 1.7104096    59
    ## [732]  {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         sausage}                  => {bottled water}         0.005083884  0.1886792 1.7071393    50
    ## [733]  {bottled water,                                                                             
    ##         citrus fruit}             => {whole milk}            0.005897306  0.4360902 1.7067041    58
    ## [734]  {pip fruit}                => {yogurt}                0.017996950  0.2379032 1.7053777   177
    ## [735]  {bottled water,                                                                             
    ##         soda}                     => {tropical fruit}        0.005185562  0.1789474 1.7053754    51
    ## [736]  {chocolate,                                                                                 
    ##         whole milk}               => {other vegetables}      0.005490595  0.3292683 1.7017098    54
    ## [737]  {sausage,                                                                                   
    ##         whole milk}               => {rolls/buns}            0.009354347  0.3129252 1.7012820    92
    ## [738]  {bottled water,                                                                             
    ##         other vegetables}         => {whole milk}            0.010777834  0.4344262 1.7001918   106
    ## [739]  {soda,                                                                                      
    ##         whole milk}               => {bottled water}         0.007524148  0.1878173 1.6993401    74
    ## [740]  {bottled water,                                                                             
    ##         tropical fruit}           => {whole milk}            0.008032537  0.4340659 1.6987817    79
    ## [741]  {root vegetables}          => {yogurt}                0.025826131  0.2369403 1.6984751   254
    ## [742]  {yogurt}                   => {root vegetables}       0.025826131  0.1851312 1.6984751   254
    ## [743]  {dessert}                  => {shopping bags}         0.006202339  0.1671233 1.6962410    61
    ## [744]  {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         yogurt}                   => {bottled water}         0.008134215  0.1873536 1.6951453    80
    ## [745]  {rolls/buns,                                                                                
    ##         whole milk}               => {pastry}                0.008540925  0.1508079 1.6950808    84
    ## [746]  {sliced cheese}            => {rolls/buns}            0.007625826  0.3112033 1.6919208    75
    ## [747]  {shopping bags}            => {sausage}               0.015658363  0.1589267 1.6916065   154
    ## [748]  {sausage}                  => {shopping bags}         0.015658363  0.1666667 1.6916065   154
    ## [749]  {mustard}                  => {whole milk}            0.005185562  0.4322034 1.6914924    51
    ## [750]  {dessert}                  => {sausage}               0.005897306  0.1589041 1.6913657    58
    ## [751]  {chocolate,                                                                                 
    ##         other vegetables}         => {whole milk}            0.005490595  0.4320000 1.6906964    54
    ## [752]  {newspapers,                                                                                
    ##         other vegetables}         => {whole milk}            0.008337570  0.4315789 1.6890485    82
    ## [753]  {newspapers,                                                                                
    ##         tropical fruit}           => {whole milk}            0.005083884  0.4310345 1.6869177    50
    ## [754]  {misc. beverages}          => {bottled water}         0.005287239  0.1863799 1.6863354    52
    ## [755]  {white bread}              => {other vegetables}      0.013726487  0.3260870 1.6852681   135
    ## [756]  {newspapers,                                                                                
    ##         yogurt}                   => {whole milk}            0.006609049  0.4304636 1.6846834    65
    ## [757]  {napkins}                  => {yogurt}                0.012302999  0.2349515 1.6842183   121
    ## [758]  {citrus fruit,                                                                              
    ##         rolls/buns}               => {whole milk}            0.007219115  0.4303030 1.6840550    71
    ## [759]  {bottled water,                                                                             
    ##         yogurt}                   => {rolls/buns}            0.007117438  0.3097345 1.6839353    70
    ## [760]  {root vegetables,                                                                           
    ##         whole milk}               => {sausage}               0.007727504  0.1580042 1.6817867    76
    ## [761]  {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         white bread}              => {whole milk}            0.005897306  0.4296296 1.6814196    58
    ## [762]  {whipped/sour cream,                                                                        
    ##         whole milk}               => {sausage}               0.005083884  0.1577287 1.6788548    50
    ## [763]  {long life bakery product} => {yogurt}                0.008744281  0.2336957 1.6752163    86
    ## [764]  {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         soda}                     => {shopping bags}         0.005388917  0.1645963 1.6705927    53
    ## [765]  {rolls/buns,                                                                                
    ##         soda}                     => {shopping bags}         0.006304016  0.1644562 1.6691714    62
    ## [766]  {onions}                   => {yogurt}                0.007219115  0.2327869 1.6687019    71
    ## [767]  {butter milk}              => {root vegetables}       0.005083884  0.1818182 1.6680801    50
    ## [768]  {curd}                     => {other vegetables}      0.017183528  0.3225191 1.6668288   169
    ## [769]  {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         shopping bags}            => {yogurt}                0.005388917  0.2324561 1.6663310    53
    ## [770]  {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         soda}                     => {whole milk}            0.013929842  0.4254658 1.6651240   137
    ## [771]  {chocolate}                => {shopping bags}         0.008134215  0.1639344 1.6638752    80
    ## [772]  {frozen vegetables}        => {whole milk}            0.020437214  0.4249471 1.6630940   201
    ## [773]  {sausage,                                                                                   
    ##         yogurt}                   => {rolls/buns}            0.005998983  0.3056995 1.6619980    59
    ## [774]  {whole milk,                                                                                
    ##         yogurt}                   => {sausage}               0.008744281  0.1560799 1.6613045    86
    ## [775]  {hamburger meat}           => {sausage}               0.005185562  0.1559633 1.6600639    51
    ## [776]  {butter}                   => {sausage}               0.008642603  0.1559633 1.6600639    85
    ## [777]  {candy}                    => {soda}                  0.008642603  0.2891156 1.6579897    85
    ## [778]  {processed cheese}         => {whole milk}            0.007015760  0.4233129 1.6566981    69
    ## [779]  {cake bar}                 => {whole milk}            0.005592272  0.4230769 1.6557746    55
    ## [780]  {domestic eggs,                                                                             
    ##         rolls/buns}               => {whole milk}            0.006609049  0.4220779 1.6518648    65
    ## [781]  {sausage,                                                                                   
    ##         soda}                     => {yogurt}                0.005592272  0.2301255 1.6496243    55
    ## [782]  {sugar}                    => {other vegetables}      0.010777834  0.3183183 1.6451186   106
    ## [783]  {bottled water,                                                                             
    ##         yogurt}                   => {whole milk}            0.009659380  0.4203540 1.6451180    95
    ## [784]  {rolls/buns,                                                                                
    ##         tropical fruit}           => {other vegetables}      0.007829181  0.3181818 1.6444131    77
    ## [785]  {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         rolls/buns}               => {whole milk}            0.017895272  0.4200477 1.6439194   176
    ## [786]  {pastry,                                                                                    
    ##         whole milk}               => {other vegetables}      0.010574479  0.3180428 1.6436947   104
    ## [787]  {brown bread,                                                                               
    ##         rolls/buns}               => {whole milk}            0.005287239  0.4193548 1.6412077    52
    ## [788]  {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         soda}                     => {rolls/buns}            0.009862735  0.3012422 1.6377653    97
    ## [789]  {domestic eggs,                                                                             
    ##         soda}                     => {whole milk}            0.005185562  0.4180328 1.6360336    51
    ## [790]  {coffee}                   => {shopping bags}         0.009354347  0.1611208 1.6353183    92
    ## [791]  {sausage,                                                                                   
    ##         yogurt}                   => {soda}                  0.005592272  0.2849741 1.6342392    55
    ## [792]  {chicken,                                                                                   
    ##         whole milk}               => {rolls/buns}            0.005287239  0.3005780 1.6341542    52
    ## [793]  {rolls/buns,                                                                                
    ##         whole milk}               => {other vegetables}      0.017895272  0.3159785 1.6330258   176
    ## [794]  {cream cheese}             => {whole milk}            0.016471784  0.4153846 1.6256696   162
    ## [795]  {tropical fruit,                                                                            
    ##         yogurt}                   => {rolls/buns}            0.008744281  0.2986111 1.6234606    86
    ## [796]  {butter milk}              => {whole milk}            0.011591256  0.4145455 1.6223854   114
    ## [797]  {bottled water,                                                                             
    ##         whole milk}               => {other vegetables}      0.010777834  0.3136095 1.6207825   106
    ## [798]  {domestic eggs}            => {yogurt}                0.014336553  0.2259615 1.6197753   141
    ## [799]  {dessert}                  => {tropical fruit}        0.006304016  0.1698630 1.6188011    62
    ## [800]  {margarine}                => {whole milk}            0.024199288  0.4131944 1.6170980   238
    ## [801]  {rolls/buns,                                                                                
    ##         soda}                     => {yogurt}                0.008642603  0.2254642 1.6162101    85
    ## [802]  {pip fruit,                                                                                 
    ##         tropical fruit}           => {whole milk}            0.008439248  0.4129353 1.6160839    83
    ## [803]  {root vegetables,                                                                           
    ##         shopping bags}            => {whole milk}            0.005287239  0.4126984 1.6151567    52
    ## [804]  {bottled water,                                                                             
    ##         rolls/buns}               => {soda}                  0.006812405  0.2815126 1.6143886    67
    ## [805]  {dessert}                  => {other vegetables}      0.011591256  0.3123288 1.6141636   114
    ## [806]  {salty snack}              => {shopping bags}         0.005998983  0.1586022 1.6097545    59
    ## [807]  {yogurt}                   => {other vegetables}      0.043416370  0.3112245 1.6084566   427
    ## [808]  {other vegetables}         => {yogurt}                0.043416370  0.2243826 1.6084566   427
    ## [809]  {shopping bags,                                                                             
    ##         whole milk}               => {other vegetables}      0.007625826  0.3112033 1.6083472    75
    ## [810]  {rolls/buns,                                                                                
    ##         soda}                     => {bottled water}         0.006812405  0.1777188 1.6079712    67
    ## [811]  {hard cheese}              => {whole milk}            0.010066090  0.4107884 1.6076815    99
    ## [812]  {bottled water,                                                                             
    ##         tropical fruit}           => {soda}                  0.005185562  0.2802198 1.6069747    51
    ## [813]  {brown bread}              => {yogurt}                0.014539908  0.2241379 1.6067030   143
    ## [814]  {long life bakery product} => {tropical fruit}        0.006304016  0.1684783 1.6056044    62
    ## [815]  {chicken}                  => {whole milk}            0.017590239  0.4099526 1.6044106   173
    ## [816]  {bottled water,                                                                             
    ##         other vegetables}         => {rolls/buns}            0.007320793  0.2950820 1.6042737    72
    ## [817]  {domestic eggs}            => {sausage}               0.009557702  0.1506410 1.6034139    94
    ## [818]  {hygiene articles}         => {shopping bags}         0.005185562  0.1574074 1.5976283    51
    ## [819]  {beef}                     => {yogurt}                0.011692933  0.2228682 1.5976012   115
    ## [820]  {beef,                                                                                      
    ##         other vegetables}         => {rolls/buns}            0.005795628  0.2938144 1.5973825    57
    ## [821]  {berries}                  => {other vegetables}      0.010269446  0.3088685 1.5962805   101
    ## [822]  {pastry,                                                                                    
    ##         rolls/buns}               => {whole milk}            0.008540925  0.4077670 1.5958569    84
    ## [823]  {tropical fruit}           => {bottled water}         0.018505338  0.1763566 1.5956459   182
    ## [824]  {bottled water}            => {tropical fruit}        0.018505338  0.1674333 1.5956459   182
    ## [825]  {shopping bags,                                                                             
    ##         whole milk}               => {soda}                  0.006812405  0.2780083 1.5942925    67
    ## [826]  {bottled water,                                                                             
    ##         fruit/vegetable juice}    => {whole milk}            0.005795628  0.4071429 1.5934142    57
    ## [827]  {hygiene articles}         => {yogurt}                0.007320793  0.2222222 1.5929705    72
    ## [828]  {citrus fruit,                                                                              
    ##         other vegetables}         => {bottled water}         0.005083884  0.1760563 1.5929292    50
    ## [829]  {UHT-milk}                 => {yogurt}                0.007422471  0.2218845 1.5905496    73
    ## [830]  {white bread}              => {whole milk}            0.017081851  0.4057971 1.5881474   168
    ## [831]  {frankfurter,                                                                               
    ##         whole milk}               => {rolls/buns}            0.005998983  0.2920792 1.5879486    59
    ## [832]  {pasta}                    => {whole milk}            0.006100661  0.4054054 1.5866145    60
    ## [833]  {margarine}                => {bottled water}         0.010269446  0.1753472 1.5865133   101
    ## [834]  {beef}                     => {whole milk}            0.021250635  0.4050388 1.5851795   209
    ## [835]  {bottled water,                                                                             
    ##         tropical fruit}           => {rolls/buns}            0.005388917  0.2912088 1.5832164    53
    ## [836]  {frankfurter}              => {root vegetables}       0.010167768  0.1724138 1.5818001   100
    ## [837]  {brown bread,                                                                               
    ##         soda}                     => {whole milk}            0.005083884  0.4032258 1.5780843    50
    ## [838]  {waffles}                  => {root vegetables}       0.006609049  0.1719577 1.5776154    65
    ## [839]  {tropical fruit}           => {whole milk}            0.042297916  0.4031008 1.5775950   416
    ## [840]  {whole milk}               => {tropical fruit}        0.042297916  0.1655392 1.5775950   416
    ## [841]  {newspapers,                                                                                
    ##         whole milk}               => {other vegetables}      0.008337570  0.3048327 1.5754229    82
    ## [842]  {soda,                                                                                      
    ##         yogurt}                   => {other vegetables}      0.008337570  0.3048327 1.5754229    82
    ## [843]  {semi-finished bread}      => {whole milk}            0.007117438  0.4022989 1.5744565    70
    ## [844]  {oil}                      => {whole milk}            0.011286223  0.4021739 1.5739675   111
    ## [845]  {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         soda}                     => {bottled water}         0.005693950  0.1739130 1.5735371    56
    ## [846]  {yogurt}                   => {whole milk}            0.056024403  0.4016035 1.5717351   551
    ## [847]  {whole milk}               => {yogurt}                0.056024403  0.2192598 1.5717351   551
    ## [848]  {pastry,                                                                                    
    ##         whole milk}               => {root vegetables}       0.005693950  0.1712538 1.5711580    56
    ## [849]  {brown bread}              => {tropical fruit}        0.010676157  0.1645768 1.5684233   105
    ## [850]  {frozen meals}             => {yogurt}                0.006202339  0.2186380 1.5672774    61
    ## [851]  {pot plants}               => {whole milk}            0.006914082  0.4000000 1.5654596    68
    ## [852]  {hygiene articles}         => {bottled water}         0.005693950  0.1728395 1.5638239    56
    ## [853]  {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         tropical fruit}           => {bottled water}         0.006202339  0.1728045 1.5635074    61
    ## [854]  {bottled water,                                                                             
    ##         rolls/buns}               => {other vegetables}      0.007320793  0.3025210 1.5634756    72
    ## [855]  {chocolate}                => {soda}                  0.013523132  0.2725410 1.5629391   133
    ## [856]  {chocolate}                => {tropical fruit}        0.008134215  0.1639344 1.5623014    80
    ## [857]  {whole milk,                                                                                
    ##         yogurt}                   => {bottled water}         0.009659380  0.1724138 1.5599721    95
    ## [858]  {fruit/vegetable juice,                                                                     
    ##         yogurt}                   => {soda}                  0.005083884  0.2717391 1.5583407    50
    ## [859]  {pip fruit}                => {whole milk}            0.030096594  0.3978495 1.5570432   296
    ## [860]  {pickled vegetables}       => {whole milk}            0.007117438  0.3977273 1.5565650    70
    ## [861]  {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         rolls/buns}               => {bottled water}         0.007320793  0.1718377 1.5547598    72
    ## [862]  {bottled beer,                                                                              
    ##         rolls/buns}               => {whole milk}            0.005388917  0.3955224 1.5479358    53
    ## [863]  {shopping bags,                                                                             
    ##         whole milk}               => {yogurt}                0.005287239  0.2157676 1.5467017    52
    ## [864]  {butter,                                                                                    
    ##         other vegetables}         => {rolls/buns}            0.005693950  0.2842640 1.5454594    56
    ## [865]  {newspapers,                                                                                
    ##         other vegetables}         => {rolls/buns}            0.005490595  0.2842105 1.5451689    54
    ## [866]  {white bread}              => {yogurt}                0.009049314  0.2149758 1.5410258    89
    ## [867]  {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         sausage}                  => {soda}                  0.007219115  0.2679245 1.5364652    71
    ## [868]  {sausage,                                                                                   
    ##         soda}                     => {other vegetables}      0.007219115  0.2970711 1.5353098    71
    ## [869]  {pastry,                                                                                    
    ##         soda}                     => {whole milk}            0.008235892  0.3913043 1.5314279    81
    ## [870]  {frankfurter}              => {tropical fruit}        0.009456024  0.1603448 1.5280924    93
    ## [871]  {onions}                   => {whole milk}            0.012099644  0.3901639 1.5269647   119
    ## [872]  {dessert}                  => {soda}                  0.009862735  0.2657534 1.5240145    97
    ## [873]  {root vegetables,                                                                           
    ##         tropical fruit}           => {rolls/buns}            0.005897306  0.2801932 1.5233281    58
    ## [874]  {fruit/vegetable juice}    => {root vegetables}       0.011997966  0.1659634 1.5226216   118
    ## [875]  {margarine}                => {tropical fruit}        0.009354347  0.1597222 1.5221590    92
    ## [876]  {hygiene articles}         => {whole milk}            0.012811388  0.3888889 1.5219746   126
    ## [877]  {brown bread}              => {whole milk}            0.025216065  0.3887147 1.5212930   248
    ## [878]  {pork,                                                                                      
    ##         whole milk}               => {rolls/buns}            0.006202339  0.2798165 1.5212799    61
    ## [879]  {root vegetables,                                                                           
    ##         yogurt}                   => {rolls/buns}            0.007219115  0.2795276 1.5197090    71
    ## [880]  {newspapers,                                                                                
    ##         whole milk}               => {rolls/buns}            0.007625826  0.2788104 1.5158100    75
    ## [881]  {bottled beer,                                                                              
    ##         bottled water}            => {whole milk}            0.006100661  0.3870968 1.5149609    60
    ## [882]  {semi-finished bread}      => {other vegetables}      0.005185562  0.2931034 1.5148042    51
    ## [883]  {other vegetables}         => {whole milk}            0.074834774  0.3867578 1.5136341   736
    ## [884]  {whole milk}               => {other vegetables}      0.074834774  0.2928770 1.5136341   736
    ## [885]  {specialty bar}            => {soda}                  0.007219115  0.2639405 1.5136181    71
    ## [886]  {newspapers,                                                                                
    ##         rolls/buns}               => {whole milk}            0.007625826  0.3865979 1.5130086    75
    ## [887]  {waffles}                  => {tropical fruit}        0.006100661  0.1587302 1.5127046    60
    ## [888]  {beverages}                => {yogurt}                0.005490595  0.2109375 1.5120775    54
    ## [889]  {meat}                     => {whole milk}            0.009964413  0.3858268 1.5099906    98
    ## [890]  {whole milk,                                                                                
    ##         yogurt}                   => {rolls/buns}            0.015556685  0.2776770 1.5096478   153
    ## [891]  {pastry,                                                                                    
    ##         rolls/buns}               => {other vegetables}      0.006100661  0.2912621 1.5052880    60
    ## [892]  {fruit/vegetable juice,                                                                     
    ##         rolls/buns}               => {whole milk}            0.005592272  0.3846154 1.5052496    55
    ## [893]  {pork}                     => {whole milk}            0.022165735  0.3844797 1.5047187   218
    ## [894]  {fruit/vegetable juice}    => {other vegetables}      0.021047280  0.2911392 1.5046529   207
    ## [895]  {frankfurter,                                                                               
    ##         rolls/buns}               => {other vegetables}      0.005592272  0.2910053 1.5039606    55
    ## [896]  {bottled water}            => {soda}                  0.028978139  0.2621895 1.5035766   285
    ## [897]  {soda}                     => {bottled water}         0.028978139  0.1661808 1.5035766   285
    ## [898]  {hygiene articles}         => {root vegetables}       0.005388917  0.1635802 1.5007572    53
    ## [899]  {hygiene articles}         => {other vegetables}      0.009557702  0.2901235 1.4994032    94
    ## [900]  {soda,                                                                                      
    ##         yogurt}                   => {whole milk}            0.010472801  0.3828996 1.4985348   103
    ## [901]  {sausage}                  => {yogurt}                0.019623793  0.2088745 1.4972889   193
    ## [902]  {rolls/buns,                                                                                
    ##         sausage}                  => {other vegetables}      0.008845958  0.2890365 1.4937858    87
    ## [903]  {napkins}                  => {bottled water}         0.008642603  0.1650485 1.4933325    85
    ## [904]  {brown bread}              => {other vegetables}      0.018708693  0.2884013 1.4905025   184
    ## [905]  {yogurt}                   => {bottled water}         0.022979156  0.1647230 1.4903873   226
    ## [906]  {bottled water}            => {yogurt}                0.022979156  0.2079117 1.4903873   226
    ## [907]  {cat food}                 => {whole milk}            0.008845958  0.3799127 1.4868448    87
    ## [908]  {sausage}                  => {soda}                  0.024300966  0.2586580 1.4833245   239
    ## [909]  {butter milk}              => {rolls/buns}            0.007625826  0.2727273 1.4827378    75
    ## [910]  {sausage}                  => {other vegetables}      0.026944586  0.2867965 1.4822091   265
    ## [911]  {misc. beverages}          => {soda}                  0.007320793  0.2580645 1.4799210    72
    ## [912]  {citrus fruit}             => {bottled water}         0.013523132  0.1633907 1.4783323   133
    ## [913]  {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         sausage}                  => {whole milk}            0.010167768  0.3773585 1.4768487   100
    ## [914]  {pastry,                                                                                    
    ##         rolls/buns}               => {soda}                  0.005388917  0.2572816 1.4754309    53
    ## [915]  {long life bakery product} => {other vegetables}      0.010676157  0.2853261 1.4746096   105
    ## [916]  {napkins}                  => {whole milk}            0.019725470  0.3766990 1.4742678   194
    ## [917]  {salty snack}              => {other vegetables}      0.010777834  0.2849462 1.4726465   106
    ## [918]  {chocolate,                                                                                 
    ##         soda}                     => {whole milk}            0.005083884  0.3759398 1.4712966    50
    ## [919]  {soda,                                                                                      
    ##         tropical fruit}           => {whole milk}            0.007829181  0.3756098 1.4700048    77
    ## [920]  {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         pastry}                   => {rolls/buns}            0.006100661  0.2702703 1.4693798    60
    ## [921]  {chewing gum}              => {soda}                  0.005388917  0.2560386 1.4683033    53
    ## [922]  {citrus fruit,                                                                              
    ##         pip fruit}                => {whole milk}            0.005185562  0.3750000 1.4676184    51
    ## [923]  {meat}                     => {yogurt}                0.005287239  0.2047244 1.4675398    52
    ## [924]  {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         whole milk,                                                                                
    ##         yogurt}                   => {rolls/buns}            0.005998983  0.2694064 1.4646832    59
    ## [925]  {sugar}                    => {yogurt}                0.006914082  0.2042042 1.4638107    68
    ## [926]  {pastry}                   => {whole milk}            0.033248602  0.3737143 1.4625865   327
    ## [927]  {butter}                   => {bottled water}         0.008947636  0.1614679 1.4609353    88
    ## [928]  {fruit/vegetable juice}    => {soda}                  0.018403660  0.2545710 1.4598869   181
    ## [929]  {sausage}                  => {root vegetables}       0.014946619  0.1590909 1.4595700   147
    ## [930]  {napkins,                                                                                   
    ##         whole milk}               => {rolls/buns}            0.005287239  0.2680412 1.4572612    52
    ## [931]  {meat}                     => {rolls/buns}            0.006914082  0.2677165 1.4554959    68
    ## [932]  {citrus fruit,                                                                              
    ##         yogurt}                   => {rolls/buns}            0.005795628  0.2676056 1.4548930    57
    ## [933]  {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         root vegetables,                                                                           
    ##         whole milk}               => {rolls/buns}            0.006202339  0.2675439 1.4545571    61
    ## [934]  {dessert}                  => {whole milk}            0.013726487  0.3698630 1.4475140   135
    ## [935]  {cat food}                 => {other vegetables}      0.006507372  0.2794760 1.4443753    64
    ## [936]  {ham}                      => {rolls/buns}            0.006914082  0.2656250 1.4441249    68
    ## [937]  {frankfurter}              => {other vegetables}      0.016471784  0.2793103 1.4435193   162
    ## [938]  {citrus fruit}             => {whole milk}            0.030503305  0.3685504 1.4423768   300
    ## [939]  {fruit/vegetable juice}    => {whole milk}            0.026639553  0.3684951 1.4421604   262
    ## [940]  {rolls/buns,                                                                                
    ##         yogurt}                   => {soda}                  0.008642603  0.2514793 1.4421567    85
    ## [941]  {domestic eggs,                                                                             
    ##         other vegetables}         => {rolls/buns}            0.005897306  0.2648402 1.4398580    58
    ## [942]  {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         yogurt}                   => {rolls/buns}            0.011489578  0.2646370 1.4387534   113
    ## [943]  {newspapers,                                                                                
    ##         rolls/buns}               => {other vegetables}      0.005490595  0.2783505 1.4385588    54
    ## [944]  {brown bread}              => {root vegetables}       0.010167768  0.1567398 1.4380000   100
    ## [945]  {bottled beer,                                                                              
    ##         whole milk}               => {rolls/buns}            0.005388917  0.2636816 1.4335591    53
    ## [946]  {dessert}                  => {root vegetables}       0.005795628  0.1561644 1.4327208    57
    ## [947]  {shopping bags}            => {soda}                  0.024605999  0.2497420 1.4321939   242
    ## [948]  {margarine,                                                                                 
    ##         other vegetables}         => {rolls/buns}            0.005185562  0.2628866 1.4292370    51
    ## [949]  {waffles}                  => {soda}                  0.009557702  0.2486772 1.4260879    94
    ## [950]  {pastry}                   => {yogurt}                0.017691917  0.1988571 1.4254810   174
    ## [951]  {napkins}                  => {other vegetables}      0.014438231  0.2757282 1.4250060   142
    ## [952]  {pastry,                                                                                    
    ##         whole milk}               => {soda}                  0.008235892  0.2477064 1.4205205    81
    ## [953]  {salty snack}              => {soda}                  0.009354347  0.2473118 1.4182576    92
    ## [954]  {long life bakery product} => {whole milk}            0.013523132  0.3614130 1.4144438   133
    ## [955]  {bottled water,                                                                             
    ##         rolls/buns}               => {whole milk}            0.008744281  0.3613445 1.4141757    86
    ## [956]  {hamburger meat}           => {rolls/buns}            0.008642603  0.2599388 1.4132109    85
    ## [957]  {root vegetables,                                                                           
    ##         whole milk}               => {rolls/buns}            0.012709710  0.2598753 1.4128652   125
    ## [958]  {beef}                     => {rolls/buns}            0.013624809  0.2596899 1.4118576   134
    ## [959]  {tropical fruit,                                                                            
    ##         whole milk}               => {rolls/buns}            0.010981190  0.2596154 1.4114524   108
    ## [960]  {soda,                                                                                      
    ##         tropical fruit}           => {rolls/buns}            0.005388917  0.2585366 1.4055872    53
    ## [961]  {rolls/buns,                                                                                
    ##         sausage}                  => {yogurt}                0.005998983  0.1960133 1.4050953    59
    ## [962]  {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         pork}                     => {rolls/buns}            0.005592272  0.2582160 1.4038441    55
    ## [963]  {waffles}                  => {yogurt}                0.007524148  0.1957672 1.4033312    74
    ## [964]  {hamburger meat}           => {yogurt}                0.006507372  0.1957187 1.4029832    64
    ## [965]  {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         root vegetables}          => {rolls/buns}            0.012201322  0.2575107 1.4000100   120
    ## [966]  {rolls/buns,                                                                                
    ##         shopping bags}            => {other vegetables}      0.005287239  0.2708333 1.3997088    52
    ## [967]  {white bread}              => {soda}                  0.010269446  0.2439614 1.3990437   101
    ## [968]  {ice cream}                => {soda}                  0.006100661  0.2439024 1.3987058    60
    ## [969]  {rolls/buns,                                                                                
    ##         whole milk}               => {bottled water}         0.008744281  0.1543986 1.3969732    86
    ## [970]  {pastry,                                                                                    
    ##         whole milk}               => {rolls/buns}            0.008540925  0.2568807 1.3965849    84
    ## [971]  {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         pastry}                   => {soda}                  0.005490595  0.2432432 1.3949255    54
    ## [972]  {chicken}                  => {yogurt}                0.008337570  0.1943128 1.3929055    82
    ## [973]  {shopping bags,                                                                             
    ##         soda}                     => {rolls/buns}            0.006304016  0.2561983 1.3928749    62
    ## [974]  {pastry,                                                                                    
    ##         soda}                     => {rolls/buns}            0.005388917  0.2560386 1.3920067    53
    ## [975]  {berries}                  => {whole milk}            0.011794611  0.3547401 1.3883281   116
    ## [976]  {bottled water,                                                                             
    ##         whole milk}               => {rolls/buns}            0.008744281  0.2544379 1.3833037    86
    ## [977]  {newspapers}               => {yogurt}                0.015353330  0.1923567 1.3788834   151
    ## [978]  {frozen meals}             => {other vegetables}      0.007524148  0.2652330 1.3707653    74
    ## [979]  {margarine}                => {rolls/buns}            0.014743264  0.2517361 1.3686151   145
    ## [980]  {cream cheese}             => {rolls/buns}            0.009964413  0.2512821 1.3661465    98
    ## [981]  {frankfurter}              => {whole milk}            0.020538892  0.3482759 1.3630295   202
    ## [982]  {frozen meals}             => {whole milk}            0.009862735  0.3476703 1.3606593    97
    ## [983]  {frankfurter}              => {yogurt}                0.011184545  0.1896552 1.3595179   110
    ## [984]  {shopping bags,                                                                             
    ##         yogurt}                   => {whole milk}            0.005287239  0.3466667 1.3567317    52
    ## [985]  {pastry}                   => {soda}                  0.021047280  0.2365714 1.3566647   207
    ## [986]  {waffles}                  => {other vegetables}      0.010066090  0.2619048 1.3535645    99
    ## [987]  {frozen vegetables,                                                                         
    ##         whole milk}               => {rolls/buns}            0.005083884  0.2487562 1.3524143    50
    ## [988]  {oil}                      => {yogurt}                0.005287239  0.1884058 1.3505620    52
    ## [989]  {pastry,                                                                                    
    ##         soda}                     => {other vegetables}      0.005490595  0.2608696 1.3482145    54
    ## [990]  {newspapers}               => {rolls/buns}            0.019725470  0.2471338 1.3435934   194
    ## [991]  {domestic eggs}            => {rolls/buns}            0.015658363  0.2467949 1.3417510   154
    ## [992]  {newspapers}               => {whole milk}            0.027351296  0.3426752 1.3411103   269
    ## [993]  {rolls/buns}               => {yogurt}                0.034367056  0.1868436 1.3393633   338
    ## [994]  {yogurt}                   => {rolls/buns}            0.034367056  0.2463557 1.3393633   338
    ## [995]  {chocolate}                => {yogurt}                0.009252669  0.1864754 1.3367242    91
    ## [996]  {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         shopping bags}            => {soda}                  0.005388917  0.2324561 1.3330648    53
    ## [997]  {rolls/buns,                                                                                
    ##         soda}                     => {other vegetables}      0.009862735  0.2572944 1.3297376    97
    ## [998]  {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         rolls/buns}               => {soda}                  0.009862735  0.2315036 1.3276022    97
    ## [999]  {chocolate}                => {other vegetables}      0.012709710  0.2561475 1.3238103   125
    ## [1000] {whipped/sour cream,                                                                        
    ##         whole milk}               => {rolls/buns}            0.007829181  0.2429022 1.3205877    77
    ## [1001] {butter}                   => {rolls/buns}            0.013421454  0.2422018 1.3167800   132
    ## [1002] {candy}                    => {yogurt}                0.005490595  0.1836735 1.3166389    54
    ## [1003] {bottled water,                                                                             
    ##         other vegetables}         => {soda}                  0.005693950  0.2295082 1.3161593    56
    ## [1004] {chocolate}                => {whole milk}            0.016675140  0.3360656 1.3152427   164
    ## [1005] {napkins}                  => {soda}                  0.011997966  0.2291262 1.3139687   118
    ## [1006] {fruit/vegetable juice,                                                                     
    ##         whole milk}               => {soda}                  0.006100661  0.2290076 1.3132887    60
    ## [1007] {pastry}                   => {other vegetables}      0.022572445  0.2537143 1.3112349   222
    ## [1008] {domestic eggs,                                                                             
    ##         other vegetables}         => {soda}                  0.005083884  0.2283105 1.3092908    50
    ## [1009] {hard cheese}              => {rolls/buns}            0.005897306  0.2406639 1.3084187    58
    ## [1010] {UHT-milk}                 => {soda}                  0.007625826  0.2279635 1.3073010    75
    ## [1011] {butter,                                                                                    
    ##         whole milk}               => {rolls/buns}            0.006609049  0.2398524 1.3040068    65
    ## [1012] {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         whole milk}               => {rolls/buns}            0.017895272  0.2391304 1.3000817   176
    ## [1013] {fruit/vegetable juice,                                                                     
    ##         soda}                     => {whole milk}            0.006100661  0.3314917 1.2973422    60
    ## [1014] {candy}                    => {rolls/buns}            0.007117438  0.2380952 1.2944537    70
    ## [1015] {waffles}                  => {rolls/buns}            0.009150991  0.2380952 1.2944537    90
    ## [1016] {tropical fruit,                                                                            
    ##         yogurt}                   => {soda}                  0.006609049  0.2256944 1.2942885    65
    ## [1017] {waffles}                  => {whole milk}            0.012709710  0.3306878 1.2941961   125
    ## [1018] {chocolate}                => {rolls/buns}            0.011794611  0.2377049 1.2923316   116
    ## [1019] {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         shopping bags}            => {whole milk}            0.007625826  0.3289474 1.2873845    75
    ## [1020] {sausage,                                                                                   
    ##         whole milk}               => {soda}                  0.006710727  0.2244898 1.2873803    66
    ## [1021] {citrus fruit,                                                                              
    ##         whole milk}               => {rolls/buns}            0.007219115  0.2366667 1.2866869    71
    ## [1022] {grapes}                   => {whole milk}            0.007320793  0.3272727 1.2808306    72
    ## [1023] {pastry}                   => {rolls/buns}            0.020945602  0.2354286 1.2799558   206
    ## [1024] {bottled water,                                                                             
    ##         soda}                     => {rolls/buns}            0.006812405  0.2350877 1.2781027    67
    ## [1025] {tropical fruit}           => {rolls/buns}            0.024605999  0.2344961 1.2748863   242
    ## [1026] {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         whipped/sour cream}       => {rolls/buns}            0.006710727  0.2323944 1.2634597    66
    ## [1027] {berries}                  => {soda}                  0.007320793  0.2201835 1.2626849    72
    ## [1028] {coffee}                   => {whole milk}            0.018708693  0.3222417 1.2611408   184
    ## [1029] {UHT-milk}                 => {other vegetables}      0.008134215  0.2431611 1.2566944    80
    ## [1030] {rolls/buns,                                                                                
    ##         tropical fruit}           => {soda}                  0.005388917  0.2190083 1.2559454    53
    ## [1031] {bottled water,                                                                             
    ##         whole milk}               => {soda}                  0.007524148  0.2189349 1.2555247    74
    ## [1032] {frozen meals}             => {soda}                  0.006202339  0.2186380 1.2538220    61
    ## [1033] {newspapers}               => {other vegetables}      0.019318760  0.2420382 1.2508912   190
    ## [1034] {sausage}                  => {whole milk}            0.029893238  0.3181818 1.2452520   294
    ## [1035] {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         shopping bags}            => {rolls/buns}            0.005287239  0.2280702 1.2399503    52
    ## [1036] {sugar}                    => {soda}                  0.007320793  0.2162162 1.2399338    72
    ## [1037] {curd,                                                                                      
    ##         whole milk}               => {rolls/buns}            0.005897306  0.2256809 1.2269607    58
    ## [1038] {chicken}                  => {rolls/buns}            0.009659380  0.2251185 1.2239029    95
    ## [1039] {frankfurter,                                                                               
    ##         rolls/buns}               => {whole milk}            0.005998983  0.3121693 1.2217211    59
    ## [1040] {hygiene articles}         => {soda}                  0.007015760  0.2129630 1.2212774    69
    ## [1041] {meat}                     => {soda}                  0.005490595  0.2125984 1.2191869    54
    ## [1042] {bottled water}            => {whole milk}            0.034367056  0.3109476 1.2169396   338
    ## [1043] {shopping bags}            => {other vegetables}      0.023182511  0.2352941 1.2160366   228
    ## [1044] {napkins}                  => {rolls/buns}            0.011692933  0.2233010 1.2140216   115
    ## [1045] {root vegetables}          => {rolls/buns}            0.024300966  0.2229478 1.2121013   239
    ## [1046] {bottled beer}             => {soda}                  0.016980173  0.2108586 1.2092094   167
    ## [1047] {coffee}                   => {yogurt}                0.009761057  0.1681261 1.2051896    96
    ## [1048] {rolls/buns}               => {whole milk}            0.056634469  0.3079049 1.2050318   557
    ## [1049] {whole milk}               => {rolls/buns}            0.056634469  0.2216474 1.2050318   557
    ## [1050] {soda,                                                                                      
    ##         whole milk}               => {rolls/buns}            0.008845958  0.2208122 1.2004908    87
    ## [1051] {domestic eggs,                                                                             
    ##         whole milk}               => {rolls/buns}            0.006609049  0.2203390 1.1979181    65
    ## [1052] {rolls/buns}               => {other vegetables}      0.042602949  0.2316197 1.1970465   419
    ## [1053] {other vegetables}         => {rolls/buns}            0.042602949  0.2201787 1.1970465   419
    ## [1054] {rolls/buns,                                                                                
    ##         sausage}                  => {whole milk}            0.009354347  0.3056478 1.1961984    92
    ## [1055] {candy}                    => {other vegetables}      0.006914082  0.2312925 1.1953557    68
    ## [1056] {soda}                     => {rolls/buns}            0.038332486  0.2198251 1.1951242   377
    ## [1057] {rolls/buns}               => {soda}                  0.038332486  0.2084024 1.1951242   377
    ## [1058] {coffee}                   => {other vegetables}      0.013421454  0.2311734 1.1947400   132
    ## [1059] {onions}                   => {rolls/buns}            0.006812405  0.2196721 1.1942927    67
    ## [1060] {bottled water}            => {rolls/buns}            0.024199288  0.2189512 1.1903734   238
    ## [1061] {sliced cheese}            => {soda}                  0.005083884  0.2074689 1.1897705    50
    ## [1062] {specialty chocolate}      => {soda}                  0.006304016  0.2073579 1.1891338    62
    ## [1063] {pork}                     => {yogurt}                0.009557702  0.1657848 1.1884066    94
    ## [1064] {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         tropical fruit}           => {rolls/buns}            0.007829181  0.2181303 1.1859102    77
    ## [1065] {pork}                     => {soda}                  0.011896289  0.2063492 1.1833495   117
    ## [1066] {dishes}                   => {whole milk}            0.005287239  0.3005780 1.1763569    52
    ## [1067] {salty snack}              => {yogurt}                0.006202339  0.1639785 1.1754581    61
    ## [1068] {shopping bags,                                                                             
    ##         whole milk}               => {rolls/buns}            0.005287239  0.2157676 1.1730651    52
    ## [1069] {long life bakery product} => {soda}                  0.007625826  0.2038043 1.1687555    75
    ## [1070] {bottled water}            => {other vegetables}      0.024809354  0.2244710 1.1601012   244
    ## [1071] {salty snack}              => {whole milk}            0.011184545  0.2956989 1.1572618   110
    ## [1072] {brown bread,                                                                               
    ##         whole milk}               => {soda}                  0.005083884  0.2016129 1.1561883    50
    ## [1073] {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         tropical fruit}           => {soda}                  0.007219115  0.2011331 1.1534370    71
    ## [1074] {long life bakery product} => {rolls/buns}            0.007930859  0.2119565 1.1523452    78
    ## [1075] {frozen vegetables}        => {rolls/buns}            0.010167768  0.2114165 1.1494092   100
    ## [1076] {fruit/vegetable juice,                                                                     
    ##         whole milk}               => {rolls/buns}            0.005592272  0.2099237 1.1412931    55
    ## [1077] {brown bread,                                                                               
    ##         whole milk}               => {rolls/buns}            0.005287239  0.2096774 1.1399544    52
    ## [1078] {tropical fruit}           => {soda}                  0.020843925  0.1986434 1.1391592   205
    ## [1079] {shopping bags,                                                                             
    ##         soda}                     => {other vegetables}      0.005388917  0.2190083 1.1318688    53
    ## [1080] {citrus fruit,                                                                              
    ##         other vegetables}         => {rolls/buns}            0.005998983  0.2077465 1.1294564    59
    ## [1081] {sugar}                    => {rolls/buns}            0.007015760  0.2072072 1.1265245    69
    ## [1082] {beverages}                => {rolls/buns}            0.005388917  0.2070312 1.1255679    53
    ## [1083] {soda}                     => {yogurt}                0.027351296  0.1568513 1.1243678   269
    ## [1084] {yogurt}                   => {soda}                  0.027351296  0.1960641 1.1243678   269
    ## [1085] {domestic eggs}            => {soda}                  0.012404677  0.1955128 1.1212062   122
    ## [1086] {pip fruit,                                                                                 
    ##         whole milk}               => {rolls/buns}            0.006202339  0.2060811 1.1204021    61
    ## [1087] {brown bread}              => {soda}                  0.012608033  0.1943574 1.1145800   124
    ## [1088] {chicken}                  => {soda}                  0.008337570  0.1943128 1.1143244    82
    ## [1089] {specialty bar}            => {rolls/buns}            0.005592272  0.2044610 1.1115940    55
    ## [1090] {whipped/sour cream}       => {rolls/buns}            0.014641586  0.2042553 1.1104760   144
    ## [1091] {shopping bags}            => {yogurt}                0.015251652  0.1547988 1.1096544   150
    ## [1092] {citrus fruit}             => {rolls/buns}            0.016776817  0.2027027 1.1020349   165
    ## [1093] {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         yogurt}                   => {soda}                  0.008337570  0.1920375 1.1012761    82
    ## [1094] {frankfurter}              => {soda}                  0.011286223  0.1913793 1.0975018   111
    ## [1095] {fruit/vegetable juice}    => {rolls/buns}            0.014539908  0.2011252 1.0934583   143
    ## [1096] {shopping bags,                                                                             
    ##         soda}                     => {whole milk}            0.006812405  0.2768595 1.0835309    67
    ## [1097] {sausage,                                                                                   
    ##         soda}                     => {whole milk}            0.006710727  0.2761506 1.0807566    66
    ## [1098] {berries}                  => {rolls/buns}            0.006609049  0.1987768 1.0806907    65
    ## [1099] {candy}                    => {whole milk}            0.008235892  0.2755102 1.0782502    81
    ## [1100] {shopping bags}            => {rolls/buns}            0.019522115  0.1981424 1.0772419   192
    ## [1101] {whole milk,                                                                                
    ##         yogurt}                   => {soda}                  0.010472801  0.1869328 1.0720027   103
    ## [1102] {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         whole milk}               => {soda}                  0.013929842  0.1861413 1.0674634   137
    ## [1103] {pork}                     => {rolls/buns}            0.011286223  0.1957672 1.0643286   111
    ## [1104] {tropical fruit,                                                                            
    ##         whole milk}               => {soda}                  0.007829181  0.1850962 1.0614698    77
    ## [1105] {rolls/buns,                                                                                
    ##         shopping bags}            => {whole milk}            0.005287239  0.2708333 1.0599466    52
    ## [1106] {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         pip fruit}                => {rolls/buns}            0.005083884  0.1945525 1.0577248    50
    ## [1107] {specialty bar}            => {other vegetables}      0.005592272  0.2044610 1.0566861    55
    ## [1108] {brown bread}              => {rolls/buns}            0.012608033  0.1943574 1.0566637   124
    ## [1109] {newspapers}               => {soda}                  0.014641586  0.1834395 1.0519693   144
    ## [1110] {ice cream}                => {other vegetables}      0.005083884  0.2032520 1.0504381    50
    ## [1111] {UHT-milk}                 => {rolls/buns}            0.006405694  0.1914894 1.0410712    63
    ## [1112] {bottled beer}             => {other vegetables}      0.016166751  0.2007576 1.0375464   159
    ## [1113] {specialty chocolate}      => {other vegetables}      0.006100661  0.2006689 1.0370881    60
    ## [1114] {specialty chocolate}      => {whole milk}            0.008032537  0.2642140 1.0340410    79
    ## [1115] {frozen vegetables}        => {soda}                  0.008642603  0.1797040 1.0305475    85
    ## [1116] {beverages}                => {other vegetables}      0.005185562  0.1992188 1.0295935    51
    ## [1117] {coffee}                   => {rolls/buns}            0.010981190  0.1891419 1.0283085   108
    ## [1118] {curd}                     => {rolls/buns}            0.010066090  0.1889313 1.0271638    99
    ## [1119] {beverages}                => {whole milk}            0.006812405  0.2617188 1.0242753    67
    ## [1120] {canned beer}              => {soda}                  0.013828165  0.1780105 1.0208356   136
    ## [1121] {misc. beverages}          => {other vegetables}      0.005592272  0.1971326 1.0188120    55
    ## [1122] {bottled water,                                                                             
    ##         soda}                     => {whole milk}            0.007524148  0.2596491 1.0161755    74
    ## [1123] {bottled water,                                                                             
    ##         soda}                     => {other vegetables}      0.005693950  0.1964912 1.0154972    56
    ## [1124] {pip fruit}                => {soda}                  0.013319776  0.1760753 1.0097378   131
    ## [1125] {pip fruit}                => {rolls/buns}            0.013929842  0.1841398 1.0011138   137
    ## [1126] {specialty chocolate}      => {rolls/buns}            0.005592272  0.1839465 1.0000629    55
    ## [1127] {}                         => {rolls/buns}            0.183934926  0.1839349 1.0000000  1809
    ## [1128] {}                         => {soda}                  0.174377224  0.1743772 1.0000000  1715
    ## [1129] {}                         => {other vegetables}      0.193492628  0.1934926 1.0000000  1903
    ## [1130] {}                         => {whole milk}            0.255516014  0.2555160 1.0000000  2513
    ## [1131] {hamburger meat}           => {soda}                  0.005795628  0.1743119 0.9996255    57
    ## [1132] {dessert}                  => {rolls/buns}            0.006812405  0.1835616 0.9979706    67
    ## [1133] {other vegetables,                                                                          
    ##         root vegetables}          => {soda}                  0.008235892  0.1738197 0.9968030    81
    ## [1134] {margarine}                => {soda}                  0.010167768  0.1736111 0.9956066   100
    ## [1135] {bottled beer}             => {whole milk}            0.020437214  0.2537879 0.9932367   201
    ## [1136] {domestic eggs,                                                                             
    ##         whole milk}               => {soda}                  0.005185562  0.1728814 0.9914217    51
    ## [1137] {cream cheese}             => {soda}                  0.006812405  0.1717949 0.9851910    67
    ## [1138] {oil}                      => {rolls/buns}            0.005083884  0.1811594 0.9849104    50
    ## [1139] {coffee}                   => {soda}                  0.009964413  0.1716287 0.9842382    98
    ## [1140] {root vegetables}          => {soda}                  0.018607016  0.1707090 0.9789636   183
    ## [1141] {onions}                   => {soda}                  0.005287239  0.1704918 0.9777183    52
    ## [1142] {whipped/sour cream,                                                                        
    ##         whole milk}               => {soda}                  0.005490595  0.1703470 0.9768879    54
    ## [1143] {shopping bags}            => {whole milk}            0.024504321  0.2487100 0.9733637   241
    ## [1144] {hygiene articles}         => {rolls/buns}            0.005897306  0.1790123 0.9732374    58
    ## [1145] {soda}                     => {other vegetables}      0.032740214  0.1877551 0.9703476   322
    ## [1146] {other vegetables}         => {soda}                  0.032740214  0.1692065 0.9703476   322
    ## [1147] {misc. beverages}          => {whole milk}            0.007015760  0.2473118 0.9678917    69
    ## [1148] {root vegetables,                                                                           
    ##         whole milk}               => {soda}                  0.008134215  0.1663202 0.9537952    80
    ## [1149] {chewing gum}              => {whole milk}            0.005083884  0.2415459 0.9453259    50
    ## [1150] {specialty bar}            => {whole milk}            0.006507372  0.2379182 0.9311284    64
    ## [1151] {whipped/sour cream}       => {soda}                  0.011591256  0.1617021 0.9273122   114
    ## [1152] {ice cream}                => {whole milk}            0.005897306  0.2357724 0.9227303    58
    ## [1153] {bottled beer}             => {rolls/buns}            0.013624809  0.1691919 0.9198466   134
    ## [1154] {butter}                   => {soda}                  0.008845958  0.1596330 0.9154465    87
    ## [1155] {rolls/buns,                                                                                
    ##         soda}                     => {whole milk}            0.008845958  0.2307692 0.9031498    87
    ## [1156] {soda}                     => {whole milk}            0.040061007  0.2297376 0.8991124   394
    ## [1157] {whole milk}               => {soda}                  0.040061007  0.1567847 0.8991124   394
    ## [1158] {rolls/buns,                                                                                
    ##         whole milk}               => {soda}                  0.008845958  0.1561939 0.8957242    87
    ## [1159] {beef}                     => {soda}                  0.008134215  0.1550388 0.8890998    80
    ## [1160] {citrus fruit}             => {soda}                  0.012811388  0.1547912 0.8876799   126
    ## [1161] {curd}                     => {soda}                  0.008134215  0.1526718 0.8755258    80
    ## [1162] {white bread}              => {rolls/buns}            0.006507372  0.1545894 0.8404569    64

    ## NULL

    # plot all the rules in (support, confidence) space
    # notice that high lift rules tend to have low support
    plot(groceries_rule)

    ## To reduce overplotting, jitter is added! Use jitter = 0 to prevent jitter.

![](Answer_files/figure-markdown_strict/unnamed-chunk-40-1.png)

    # can swap the axes and color scales
    plot(groceries_rule, measure = c("support", "lift"), shading = "confidence")

    ## To reduce overplotting, jitter is added! Use jitter = 0 to prevent jitter.

![](Answer_files/figure-markdown_strict/unnamed-chunk-40-2.png)

    # "two key" plot: coloring is by size (order) of item set
    plot(groceries_rule, method='two-key plot')

    ## To reduce overplotting, jitter is added! Use jitter = 0 to prevent jitter.

![](Answer_files/figure-markdown_strict/unnamed-chunk-40-3.png)

    # graph-based visualization
    sub1 = subset(groceries_rule, subset=confidence > 0.01 & support > 0.005)
    summary(sub1)

    ## set of 1162 rules
    ## 
    ## rule length distribution (lhs + rhs):sizes
    ##   1   2   3   4 
    ##   4 433 677  48 
    ## 
    ##    Min. 1st Qu.  Median    Mean 3rd Qu.    Max. 
    ##   1.000   2.000   3.000   2.662   3.000   4.000 
    ## 
    ## summary of quality measures:
    ##     support           confidence          lift            count       
    ##  Min.   :0.005084   Min.   :0.1506   Min.   :0.8405   Min.   :  50.0  
    ##  1st Qu.:0.005796   1st Qu.:0.2001   1st Qu.:1.5248   1st Qu.:  57.0  
    ##  Median :0.007321   Median :0.2702   Median :1.8738   Median :  72.0  
    ##  Mean   :0.010537   Mean   :0.3035   Mean   :1.9694   Mean   : 103.6  
    ##  3rd Qu.:0.010269   3rd Qu.:0.3852   3rd Qu.:2.3276   3rd Qu.: 101.0  
    ##  Max.   :0.255516   Max.   :0.7000   Max.   :4.6399   Max.   :2513.0  
    ## 
    ## mining info:
    ##            data ntransactions support confidence
    ##  groceries_tran          9835   0.005       0.15

    #graph for rule for confidence > 0.01 and support >0.005
    plot(sub1, method='graph')

    ## Warning: plot: Too many rules supplied. Only plotting the best 100 rules
    ## using 'support' (change control parameter max if needed)

![](Answer_files/figure-markdown_strict/unnamed-chunk-40-4.png)

    plot(head(sub1, 30, by='lift'), method='graph')

![](Answer_files/figure-markdown_strict/unnamed-chunk-40-5.png) From the
frequency plot, we find that the 10 merchandises that most frequently
show in customers??? baskets are whole milk, other vegetables,
rolls/buns, soda, yogurt, bottled water, root vegetables, tropical
fruit, shopping bags, and sausage. Most of these make sense. It’s
interesting to find that the shopping bag is among these merchandises.
The reason it shows up might be that about 10% of people don’t bring
shopping bags with them when they do groceries shopping. We sort all the
associations rules by lift score in descending order. Among the top 30
association rules that have the highest lift score, we found most of
them make sense. For examples, for the association rule {ham} =&gt;
{white bread}, it has a high lift score because when people want to make
ham sandwiches, they need both ham and bread, so they are often in the
same basket. Another example is {beef, other vegetables} =&gt; {root
vegetables}. These are all necessary ingredients if people are preparing
to make beef stew so they are associated together. For the associations
rule {margarine, whole milk} =&gt; {domestic eggs}, when people buy
margarine and whole milk for baking, they must also have eggs. As for
the rule {berries} =&gt; {whipped/sour cream}, simply mixing them is a
great option for people wants dessert, so they are always being
purchased at the same time. For {hygiene articles} =&gt; {napkins}, a
potential reason they are in the same rule might be that these two
merchandises are often in the same aisle. So, when people buy hygiene
articles, they are likely to see napkins, too, and eventually purchase
both of them. We chose thresholds of 0.15 for confidence and 0.005 for
support. We chose these thresholds because gives us an adequate number
of association rules (1162). We believe using these thresholds generates
the associations rules that represent the patterns in the data the most.
We plotted the relationships between confidence/lift and support. Our
finding is that high confidence/lift rules tend to have low support. We
also plotted a graph for the top 30 rules that have the highest lift
score. From the graph, we see a pattern that merchandises in the same
category tend to be clustered together. These categories include fruits,
vegetables, dairy products, etc.
